Nicely.
Play song.
And saying something to.
1234.
Testing.
Yep, that looks good. We're,
we're transcribing. We're recording.
Yeah,
already we're still away from our winter
return start in a minute.
Hi everyone.
Hi, Joe.
Hey, GAIL.
Nigel.
Hi, Joe.
Pretty cool setup.
I think he's joined there.
Loving new panels, Sam.
That's the MTR panels.
That's the MTR. Yes. Yeah, right,
isn't it?
Good to be, yeah.
Speakers picking up nicely.
All right.
Yeah. I mean, yeah,
I'm going to try and get some of this set
up in Glasgow.
It's on its way, Joe. Just get another 2.
That's good. Yeah.
I think Kelvin Groves got it, hasn't it?
It's the same sort I set up. Yeah.
A house.
There's some beautiful photographs and
videos of Glasgow yesterday Joe given
yesterday Scotland result.
Lots of happy people in bars. Nice to see.
Yeah, there is.
I know my husband and daughter were over
the moon. It was. What's that? Right,
mark?
Did it go? I was going to say,
did it make up for the rugby?
Oh,
I don't follow rugby so I wouldn't even
Play song.
know. Oh, dear, that was a good result.
None.
It was.
Was that a happy household myself so.
That's good.
You guys in the US next year?
Yes, yes.
I know.
OK. Shall we? Shall we get started so.
Yeah.
Yes, Programme Facilities Workshop today,
thanks for coming down.
Agenda.
Let's see if we take this this long.
We've we've already pre prepared for what
we think might be a great.
Solution.
And we'll walk through that.
We just want to kind of clarify what we
believe is the as is processes for today,
the main reactive and PPM.
Processes that you follow because that's
feeding into what our solutions are,
but the point of this is that we can
adjust that as we go.
Let us know what you think on solutions
and we can tweak.
We'll have a break in the middle there,
11:15 to 11:45.
I think we might finish probably probably
a bit earlier.
So if we don't stretch that pretty late,
then it's 2:00 so.
Call me a bit earlier.
We'll do some intros. That's OK.
So my name's Josh Sparks from TQ.
I'm a spoke on the phone.
A good few months ago.
And I'm leading the the implementation
tqi on aside on various ask areas
including facilities.
So I'm here from the start of inception
of programme until delivery right at the
end.
So I'll be with you through the journey.
Marvin.
I met some of you.
Some of you haven't so nice to meet you.
I'm the functional lead on ServiceNow,
primarily working on credit control
expenses and whip,
but I'll be supporting with facilities
going forward. Nice to meet you.
Hi I'm actually I'm the Equine's contract
manager with responsibility for
engineering here in London.
I am Tim Ellsworth,
ServiceNow BA working for Ashurst.
I'm Sam on senior operations manager and
look after all the contractors in London
under operations.
Hi. Hi. I'm Leanne.
I look after us connect team who share
share well. So I'm here to help.
Build some separations or build buildings
with facilities.
Hi, I'm Ruth Gabriel meska.
I am the ACM lead.
Through and put on the call go from left
to right. Mark,
you're at first Mark Zedge.
Hi, I'm Mark sedge TQIMA.
I'm a service specialist.
I'm leading the IT work stream primarily
here to ensure that we have
interoperability between, you know,
what facilities, you know,
do as a practise and what the IT teams
need to do from an end to end angle.
But and jealousy, you're next.
Hi, I'm Joe Collins,
service excellence manager for ask Ashley
Sam. I've not met you before. Hello.
I'm just coordinating ServiceNow project
Aye.
for ask on behalf of so working with
Tqima and the teams themselves to get our
build right.
Thanks, Jill. Ray.
Hi, Josh and hi everyone. I'm Ray Pearson.
I'm Deloitte's engagement lead for the
ESM programme.
Right.
Laura.
Yeah, I'm Laura. I'm from Deloitte.
I'm based in London and I'm here as
project track and support helping Jovana,
the programme manager.
Thanks, Laura. I think that's everyone.
Shout if if I haven't mentioned you.
I will call today or.
Yes.
We are recording Norma.
If you see there is a recording bot as
well,
just like transcription and summaries.
Pretty good actually. Quite quite impress.
OK, thanks everyone. That's all clear.
Let's, let's get into it.
So this is the overall vision.
For the ESM programme,
not sure if I presented this last time,
but this is just a view of the ServiceNow
implementation. Part of the programme.
Some of the metrics on the left are the
reasons why we're doing this.
Some of the numbers that we're trying to
achieve as part of the.
The programme and on the right we're we
just basically explaining this is where
queries and requests can come in the top.
These are type of queries that we get
across the board across ask an IT
facilities beneath that that layer is the
different channels that people can can
make those requests and queries.
At the moment,
mainly telephony calling up emails and
walk up in some areas,
what we focus on Phase 1 is this employee
centre.
So that's a portal where employees will
be able to to go and.
Make.
Requests.
The status of their requests and queries.
See communicate with with operations on
their,
their tickets and various other things.
Links to other areas.
But we'll show you that when we get into
it,
the other areas there that are are in
black, so the the AI bit, the chat mobile.
They're not part of this phase,
but they could come in future,
so some quite exciting things that
ServiceNow can do in terms of their
channels for reaching out.
The orangey layer going to bent to
represent most of the functions in in
scope,
so it's it's quite a broad implementation,
so we're.
PSM so we put all together enterprise
service management since he's been been a
part of that. So it's all together,
we get a lot of efficiencies because
we're all working.
There's one.
And at the bottom just some of the
technical bits that ServiceNow has,
so it's able to integrate out to other
systems.
Various capabilities I say we're going to
focus on employee, centre,
but we'll look at what it can do with
automation of workflows and making things
simpler for for use saving time when when
executing upon things we'll also show a
bit of the mobile capability as well.
I covers that.
Mobile won't be available for a phase one.
Will that? Or does that change?
Not the not. Not the native app,
but the the web app URL. Yeah.
I would like you can.
So there's a there's a native app and a
web.
Yeah, URL.
So if you mobile optimise I'll show you
that.
Josh, any chance you can make this?
A bit bigger.
Just got that chat bar down the side.
Oh, I see.
If you can't, don't worry,
it's just I'm struggling.
Fuzzy.
It's I think that's a room thing.
That room thing is OK? Yeah, that works.
Don't worry.
It's done on here.
Mess around with the breaks in. No,
I'm just intrigued.
OK.
Some principles just for today,
if we can all stay, stay present.
It's it's not going to be too long a
meeting.
So we'll get you back to your to your day
jobs when? As soon as we can.
One conversation at a time.
So when the guys on the phone speak,
it's quite it's quite loud so it'll
overpower and will if there's a bit of
lag, we'll just try and manage it and.
Conversation.
We've got a break built in fourth one
down concept of a parking lot is
basically when when we're going through
what we need to focus on today,
if something comes up.
That's.
Not needed right now be something we
could take away and come back to later.
We'll say put on the parking lot.
Then we'll address that at a later later
date if needed.
Or maybe it's for another team,
something like that just keeps us on
track with what's important.
Yeah, moving towards decisions.
So we've already kind of prepared a few
solutions for today.
So if we're able to make decisions, great,
but there will be a subsequent section of
this,
this programme for facilities where we
will be sending through requirements,
user stories and then you'll be able to
see those and say yes, no,
you know change.
So it's it's not final decisions on
design,
but if we can make some decisions to move
forward towards that.
Be good and we'll be capturing all
actions in Marlins got notes and we've
got AI note takers and what not with all
the the magic of the Internet nowadays.
So don't don't worry about that.
OK, So what we've done so far,
we've actually had quite a quite a lot of
workshops across the the programme,
across all the different areas.
For facilities specifically,
we spoke was it was a couple of months
ago now, couple of months back.
Yeah, yeah.
But that was that was a great, great call.
We we extracted what we understand is
your as is process and we'll show you
that in a moment we'll just tidy up that.
If anything.
'S a bit different and today, yes,
we'll do that validation.
Make sure that's right.
We'll look at the solutions we've we've
got in mind.
We've also extracted the data that you
guys use at the moment,
so categories and and types of issues and
things like that.
So it's just this is just an opportunity
to tie it up as well if you'd like.
So we can have a quick glance at that,
but something you might want to do
offline.
I am, yeah.
And then afterwards we'll get into that
design and we'll talk you through what
happens afterwards.
And then the stories and whatnot.
So we're mainly just,
let's validate that what we understand is
right, let's tidy up data if we can,
we take it away,
we can and then we'll look at the
solutions which will be the exciting bit
that Marvin's going to take us through.
It's we need to cover.
So on the left change roof.
Do you wanna explain the change?
Yeah.
So I think some of you know me and some
of you don't.
So what I'm here to do is basically
understand what your current state is.
And I from the workshops we've had,
we know there's a lot of frustrations and
pain points and you're looking where
possible to digitise.
To solve those issues and we know what
our future state is,
which Josh just talked through a moment
ago.
So that means there's a delta between the
current and the future state.
And what I'm here to do is actually
understand like, OK,
how do we support you and your teams and
the people you work with.
To to go through that delta and overcome
that hump of change.
So is it communications? Is it training,
is it stakeholder management?
Is it maybe working with the target
operating model team to say actually all
the comms in the world is not going to
solve this,
but we need to look at roles and
responsibilities because this doesn't
actually sit in our team.
Is it?
The governance structure.
So in some of the IT sessions we had with
Mark Zedge for instance,
it was like actually governance is the
issue. We know what our KPIs are,
but we're not really holding people to
account. So that's what I'm here to do.
So you'll hear me furiously typing away
every now and again,
I might interject and ask a few follow-up
questions, but generally you'll probably.
Keyboard more than me.
Sorry. Yeah, that's great.
Portal engagement.
So that's we're going to be looking at
how are people engaging with us in the in
facilities portal in particular and what
that looks like service design.
So So what happens when a service is
triggered with you guys,
the various types of services that are in
the solution?
Because we can fire off tasks in
different areas, we can put in approvals.
So that's what that's talking about,
knowledge.
So that's what we don't want to come out.
I don't know if we spoke about this
before, if I captured actually,
but knowledge articles kind of things we
can put in the portal to allow employees
to self to self help as it were.
So if there's any.
How to's for them?
But it's also things for operations in
the the back end usage of ServiceNow,
like what's called SOPS and stuff like
that. Service now can have that.
So we would like to capture those as well
and we can move those across.
Part of it.
Integrations I mentioned service.
Just have a breadth of already.
What do you call it out the box
integrations,
but it can do customs one as well custom
ones.
Let's see, as we go through this,
if there's a if there's a need for it,
and if that can come into scope of the
projects in narrow in a later phase.
But that will be fleshed out.
Reports and dashboards we've we know
you've got some reports happening today.
Got those captured.
We've also got some suggestions.
The Marlins put together for future ones
that may be of interest to you guys that
will be.
Part of the the programme as well,
it's important for.
You.
And Slas as well.
So we spoke about that a bit before,
so we'll
get.
Into that as well.
Hopefully we've kind of captured a lot of
that in the as is and in the solution so.
And get into it.
In a moment. So yeah, we want to confirm.
We understand how you work,
get that right because that that makes
sure we can design right in the future
going to design the formed meals.
Farm's going to take us do that.
Those workflows that off the back of that
see if there's any integrations and.
Line of report requirements.
Again,
I've probably been to all those things
already.
As is discovery,
so this is what we've extracted from that
conversation we had before.
I've put together a couple of rough
process maps.
As to the flow, as I understand it,
but we have in yellow is kind of where
we've got a question if there's any.
Anything as I go through that isn't quite
right.
Please let us know and we'll subdate it.
But at the moment we've got.
So.
So this is a a reactive issue.
Something happens out of the blue,
it's unexpected employee reports an issue.
They can report either by if they report
by e-mail.
To the mailbox or if they call in it
would go to ask connect.
Maybe let's just take that first route
first,
just to close that so they can go direct
or they do go direct to M&E sometimes,
isn't that yeah, they can do that.
Is that then picked up in a?
Is that captured in a ticket?
If they do that, if they go.
Quite often not.
If it just goes to a shared e-mail
address,
so we can log it kind of retrospectively,
Oh, all of them.
I guess,
just to capture that whether we should be
doing that or not,
I suppose is what the system should
generate for us. But yeah, OK, yeah, all.
Right. Understood.
We'll look into that with solutions.
And when they e-mail.
Josh, can I? Sorry. Josh.
Can I just jump in and ask a quick
question?
Are all of the contacts you have internal
folks to Ashurst,
you've got no external folks contacting
you?
No external.
Yeah. So it's all internal.
So it's the intention that the directive
will be rather than do the e-mail that
they would engage via the portal,
is that the the type.
Therefore you get always get your tickets
as well as coming from actually by asking
this question.
Yeah,
ideally they should go for the portal.
Yeah, directly. Because then.
Perfect.
We don't, yeah.
OK. Thank you.
That's that's the aim.
OK. But at the moment,
if they e-mail the mailbox or call in,
it will land with connect as it stands
and then connects essentially are
triaging,
logging a ticket and then you will if
it's an M&E item,
you'll log it to M&E.
As a as a group.
If it's so, do we share? We'll set up,
we can assign it.
So the way that we need to do it is just
kind of it's M and ES M and ES issue.
And then once we just save,
it disappears from it,
goes through to the engineer.
OK.
Some maintenance of engine even. Oh OK.
And then I've got here you'll also e-mail
them as well.
Or is that that's when you save the
ticket that does it automatically?
Yes.
So we save the ticket and transfers
through into the M and EQ.
So whoever's on that may not be available.
What the engineering supervisor.
So I was sitting the queue or to do until
someone picks up.
Hello did you send a separate e-mail
though no or not. OK,
I know we got the e-mail.
The e-mail.
No, no, no. We just share the share we'll.
Seems log.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Right. And then, right,
so that e-mail bit I can take out of
there and then Emily pick up self assign
the task when it lands in that queue and
then complete the task.
And I'm just being hidden over here and
then you go, oh, sorry,
I can't see that on this thing.
And then are you guys closing that ticket
then? Yeah, OK, cool. Got it.
That's what I have as well.
If though it's a non M&E task,
connect will e-mail cleaners, catering,
reception or security.
OK.
And they don't have access to show well?
No.
So essentially we're just closing the
ticket.
Oh,
so you close it straight away as soon as
you e-mail it out and get it.
OK, is is the intention that?
We're gonna keep.
Keep us connect as the triage between non
sharehold teams. Going forward.
We don't want them at any point in
service.
Now is like everyone in the system.
Ask nick.
Basically wish list I have requested
visibility for all teams, cleaners,
catering, reception,
AV and I'd like them to have full
Yep.
visibility.
But not essentially.
They can do anything so they can see.
We've transferred over again.
I don't know what it looks like in terms
of ServiceNow,
but that's like essentially A wish list.
We sent this e-mail.
Is.
Is there any reason why they wouldn't say
be?
Active on the system to close tickets
that you assigned to them so you can see
start finish of their activity.
Who did you?
Have share well,
so essentially all they would receive is
an e-mail and their shared e-mail.
Yeah,
I think I think my point point is you
lose sight of it when it just you know
you have no idea when they've done it
etcetera.
So in terms of management of those
cleaners, caterers, those folk, you would,
the idea would be that we would want them
on the system. So that soon as.
You, Leanne,
you you sort of sent a task to them.
It's you.
You keep visibility of their activity.
You know when they pick it up.
And you know when they close it.
Yeah. So essentially,
I actually thought it was a share well,
was just like a like for like,
so who's on share? Well, just now,
we'll be on ServiceNow in the future.
As essentially A wish list of.
But,
but the reason I'm calling it out is
because we might be able to say it might
be as it is today,
but we should be trying to get you to a
point of betterment,
right to enable you to be able to so it
it we should be.
We should be exploring the possibilities
and maybe Joe,
I'm I'm sort of jumping ahead slightly
but.
We should explore the possibilities of
saying, well,
you know from for the benefit of the
enterprise,
wouldn't it be good if and then is that
something we want to do in a further
phase or is that something the
organisation does or doesn't have the
appetite for?
We would probably need to park it.
But I think there's some solid.
You know,
even even if there was just one or two of
that community who were able to access
the system and close and acknowledge, say,
a supervisor or something like that,
who would at least close their tickets
and things you could,
we could explore that.
I think it how you go, Ruth.
So we say, oh, sorry Joe.
I'm just going to say just so that I'm
clear we saying for day one,
we want the approvers or the supervisors
to be in the system,
but everybody else in the future can be.
No, I'm.
I'm not saying anything for day one. One.
Sorry.
I'm just asking.
I'm what I'm asking the probably Joe and
the team is to just consider that the
tool has the capability to support these
guys in terms of they just like any other
resolver team.
Would pick up action.
It's just a question of whether they want
to. You know,
you want to do that and and the other
point of reason why I'm not saying it's
an absolute is because you also need to
think about whether you've got any
contractual obligations where you know
they would say.
You know, if if they're not contracted to,
then they won't and then you know that
you need somebody else to do the check
because you don't want to just close the
ticket.
You want someone to make sure that the
task has been done right.
And then so someone needs to own it to
close it. If they don't do it.
If you think about completeness of
Yeah.
Just jumping.
operation.
And the money she was done before was
because the cleaners and catering all got
So. Umm.
mobiles and the show on welcome mobiles.
So we can run it out to anyone else.
So if we could get it to work but because
they don't sit at a desk,
they have to have their apps on the
phones. Obviously it won't work.
Yeah. OK.
Yeah.
And I think from Leanne's point that
visibility is important,
especially if they're triaging those
requests and that's still the way that
that's going to go going forward.
I think it's a decision that we can't
make in this group though,
and it's probably not a day one because
Yeah, 100%.
we would be looking at like back end,
user access etcetera for.
Cleaners, facilities, etcetera.
So I think it's something we just need to
log as a decision and we.
Yeah. So we park it,
we park it as something you might want to
See if ever go with that. Yep.
do strategically, but not right now. OK,
very good.
Yeah.
Yep, that. Thanks. Yeah.
It's just before we move on,
maybe on simplifying a little bit,
but I understand getting them all in
phase one would probably be a hefty ask,
but if we service that has a lot of
standard reporting functionality that
structure we could even set up cleaner
specific.
Reports that have outstanding items and
send them out,
potentially on a weekly basis,
to specific user groups or certain e-mail
addresses.
So essentially the cleaning supervisor
could have these outstanding lists.
Please update me at the end of the day
and just have that as a kind of
additional process to give them that
visibility.
With something like that optimised
process?
Or would it just be adding extra admin
for the second unit?
Yeah, because really,
they're getting a request.
It means it needs to be done urgently.
OK, fine.
Oh yes, normally they have to.
Then there and then there's a spill or
something and they need.
So general assumptions is majority of the
items are typically like AP1 and it needs
to be etcetera.
Yeah. And how do they let you know,
just know that it has been completed?
Is that a phone call to you?
Just to let you know.
If it's eyes, if it's coming through eyes,
it's a gel. We just closed the ticket.
Mm-hmm.
We don't need anything else from it
unless it's not. No, no, no.
So you don't have any visibility at all,
OK.
So you don't keep it open to see it's
actually done as a.
Reminder, we'll send an e-mail.
So with share,
Yeah.
we'll only close the ticket.
The recipient can still reply back and we
would still create a response.
So at 9 times out of 10 we'll send it to
the cleaners. It gets done because,
as I say, it's a priority one.
And we don't have anything back.
We've never been on share well, so.
No, that's.
Fine.
So the assumption as you send out it's
done.
Yes,
it's a good it's completed and our task
That's completely.
Yeah.
has been completed and the next task is
on to the cleaners to complete their task.
And I'm assuming it's underpinned by the
contractor sensor. It's a case of.
Yes, yeah, there must be.
They must have some data somewhere along
the way to see what they've done and.
Yeah, yeah, I'm busy.
It'll come back to me.
It hadn't been done.
I'm pretty sure someone will be on the
phone to me pretty quickly,
saying that's still there.
So. So what?
So you still know.
That was that was going to be.
My next question was,
Yeah.
so I take it we and you'll still feel
queries on that. So for example,
if the person that's raised the issue
into you,
you've sent the e-mail off to the
cleaners, for example,
you've got no sight of it,
but they haven't seen it being fixed.
They'll come back to you to raise that.
Would that be right?
Yes. And then we can follow up then.
So so, Tim,
that the risk there that you is you,
you get sort of follow on records if they
if they go for either portal they and it
generates new ones and ultimately that's
failure demand stuff you have to work on
because someone hasn't hasn't taken the
appropriate action.
The logic, the, the,
and good service discipline it would,
the idea would be you'd you'd keep the
task open until you had confirmation from
the user or the requester that they were
happy with the outcome.
So and that way you you don't,
you don't need them to chase so good
customer service.
So what would happen is you would you
know if you know it's going to be done in
that day what you might do out of you,
you'd have the record open and then at
the end say in a couple of hours or
whatever your Slas with the cleaning
service,
you'd go back to them and say are you
happy, was it done? Yes, good you'd close.
That formally close it and then you know
that's been actioned rather than having a
closed task relying upon the customer
coming back to you to say actually they
didn't turn up or they didn't do it.
So you just got to think about, yes,
it might be an administrative piece to
close the record,
but you reduce the risk of failure demand
coming.
Back in because you know your requester
wasn't satisfied with the outcome,
bless you, whoever that was, that sneezed.
Yeah. And I think from it.
Does does that make sense? So,
so we ought to,
we ought to be working through to reduce
your failure demand and also improve the
service expectation of the customer.
Yeah,
I should probably just a process change
for us then essentially we could just put
it into pending or whatever work and
It.
Yeah, yeah.
we're going to use. Yeah. That's good.
Yeah, that's fine.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
And we can help manage that, Leanne,
when we look at like Slas and Olas
etcetera for our piece around when we
check in.
So if we think about not having the
cleaners and others on the back end.
So we can't have sight of it for day one.
But what we can actually do is make that
process change we are within.
X amount of errors or whatever your Slas
are,
we go back and check in if it's been done
and it's satisfactory etcetera.
And it helps us close that loop.
So that's something we can implement day
one from our process side.
It's just we don't have sight and then in
Yeah.
a future stage the hope would be that we
would have sight of the back end teams.
And we can automate that, right?
Yeah, yeah, 100%, Joe.
Clear.
OK.
What we've done for some of the other
areas just for reporting and disability
is when you put something in pending or
if there's a state change,
we also have the option of having micro
drop down field.
So if you want to identify peenas were
not responding on time or they weren't.
The correct level of cleaning or whatever
your instance is, we can have those.
So when you do go into the reporting and
ServiceNow, you can pull that up and say,
OK,
these are with clear bottlenecks are
these are where the gaps are.
So that is something we can do within
Yeah.
service hour. If you wanted to.
The the power to to to add to that also
you can have closure a type of closure
category.
So you could say closed successfully you
know customer satisfied closed but had to
chase you know to get it done or you know
closed incomplete you know whatever it
happens.
Do you know what I mean we can we can
look for stuff.
Meaningful.
Such that when you do a service review
with the cleaning staff,
if you're finding through that data that,
say 50% of the time you've had to chase
them up or the customers had to, you know,
said that they weren't happy or it wasn't
done right or whatever it happens to be,
it gives you the ability to manage your
supplier through the closure.
Task resolution.
Now most of them hopefully will just be
success.
You know customer happy successfully
closed,
but you can build that out to enable you
to have some service data which either to
enhance and improve your you know your
overall operation or more importantly to
make sure that those cleaners,
catering firms, you know support.
Et cetera. Our our performance.
And we'll, we'll.
Look a bit closer at scenario we'll get
into solution reactive solution.
But you get the gist of what I'm
suggesting.
OK,
the only thing on here that was still
just to clarify, as we've said,
we'll look at it for later date,
but cleaners, was it cleaner skating,
reception, security.
The reason they didn't go on shows
because the mobiles, all of them.
In catering one day and reception and
security was reading for others quite a
need for them to be on there to really.
OK, we'll.
Note that one for for that parking lot,
that's.
K.
Clicks. I'm not gonna go through this.
It's just what we thought about.
That's fed into the the the process map.
This one around the PPM then so first
question.
2 loads.
As those tasks into PPM because they're a
bunch of scheduled tasks.
Yeah, I mean, I don't have that.
Photography was initially loaded in to
show up, but it exists.
That's not where we pay for.
We pay for fee.
That's I think that's SFG 20.
Don't we want to hear that?
Which is the kind of like the industry
standard on how to undertake the task.
And I mean if that could be implemented
into the PPM shipping, that would be good,
but I don't know how the original PPF.
It's got uploaded into share. Well,
there must have.
Been a.
Stops.
Process sort of based on what the
requirements are,
what the plant and the asset is.
So I don't know how.
But is it edited regularly?
How do you track your assets, Ashley?
What do you mean, Mark? Sorry.
So.
So just from from my experience the what
we'd expect or what we would certainly
drive towards is you'd have say the
assets,
the key assets that you are maintaining
you'd have in your configuration database.
Some of this is linked to a little bit of
it, but it's enterprise assets.
So what you'd have is you'd have.
Your locations floors.
You might have your handling units.
You might have UPS's.
You might have these as key assets to
Yeah.
your.
You know the office accommodation
provision and what you'd have is you'd
have those assets in the CMDB,
and then what you would be able to do is
you'd be able to.
To schedule the maintenance,
you'd be able to see when that last asset
was visited,
you know you'd you basically have your
audit trail related to that.
So how's that done in Cherwell?
Yeah.
Or is it not at all?
I don't think it is, to be honest.
I mean at the moment even the the assets
themselves are not easy to identify or
the task itself.
Wow.
The abbreviations that we've got,
the guys have just become accustomed to
over a period of time really.
Yeah.
Becoming new into the system.
I'm still understanding what what these
abbreviations are so.
It needs to be more prescriptive and
easier to understand.
I think the new system.
Oh, OK.
But as you say, you know the asset,
the full asset list,
I've not even really seen that as part of
Churwell.
So so there's an opportunity and and
again this probably a question to the
wider room because the reason I ask that
question is also because IT are
interested in some of that because if for
example,
you're maintaining an AC unit or
something in a tech room and therefore
it's down for a period of time, you know,
IIT teams need to be.
Aware that potentially you might have,
you know overheating devices or they
might have to put a temporary unit in to,
you know,
provide the cooling to enable you not to
over, you know,
overdo your tech or if you're yeah,
I don't know,
you might be looking at say a power
circuit,
you know or pat testing or some of those
types of things against a number of.
Assets on a building that may impact
power, therefore may impact IT.
So I think there's some,
there's some join up opportunity for us
to maybe not for day one but overtime
fast follow from go live to say if you
started to work with the engineers to
identify what those assets were.
Where they were etcetera,
because we certainly would be interested
in the raw location data,
meeting room data floor plan,
you know stuff we might be able to work
collectively to give you the facility to
actually have those assets in the CMDB,
which is the configuration management
database from an IT angle.
Which gives you some opportunities to
leverage incidents against those requests
against those maintenance schedules,
against those, etcetera,
something you might want to think about.
Yeah, that makes.
Sense we do that, but everything.
'S manual, isn't it? Yeah.
Where it's all in there.
Yeah,
the point the point here is that the
So.
system will do it for you.
So when they say you've got maintenance
Yeah.
schedule on a, on a,
on a calendar opportunity,
what it will do is it'll automatically
flag that you can create the record,
it can link the record to the asset.
So you can on a dashboard,
just look at your assets and see which
ones are currently in maintenance,
which ones.
Say you've got loads of incidents,
for example,
give you a real life example global bank
that worked out.
They often had consistent failures,
you know from an IT angle on their comms
kit.
But the comms kit was in the basement and
the basement was flooding,
so the maintenance didn't pick up on that
even though they had maintenance visits.
But what you enables you to do is then.
Take some action to either move the care
or do some prevent.
You know it gives you that trending to be
able to operate.
So what what the tool will do is give you
the ability to automatically add the
record and then when you say you create,
you get a new, you know,
say you fire up a new new office
somewhere,
you'd have that location in the office.
If you set up meeting rooms or you had
certain floors that we were utilising,
you'd add those floors in if you had
certain you know power circuits that were
for technical care against power circuits
for the other stuff,
you could record some of that information
that enables you to.
Be be able to maintain those kit or
maintain those systems.
Certainly AC units in your in your floor
spaces or in your ceiling spaces is a
classic.
You know you need to know that there'll
be some disruption.
the IT team might need to take a device
down say a printer,
move it so you can get to the you know
it's all of that kind of stuff you can
build in.
If you're sort of mapping that through as
as an asset,
does that actually does that resonate
what I'm talking about?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, totally, yeah.
Yeah.
And the and what about the ability to to
add additional assets?
100% yeah, yeah. As soon as you. Yeah.
And you can link, you know,
Yeah.
the ultimate piece is that the the moment
you're good to receive that asset,
you know,
and technically sort of take take
purchase of it even before we've
installed it,
you can at least you can register it to
say here's. Yeah,
we've got this asset going in this
location potentially. So it enables you.
To track it,
but also it helps from from an IT
perspective or even from an ask
perspective if there's disruption to a
floor,
you know the people team might be able to
send some cons out to say there's going
to be guys working in this area,
all of that stuff. If there's a possible,
it's what might be worth is having a
focus session. And again, Jill,
my question.
To you now is.
Is that a phase two or is that something
that you would be interested in saying
what could we do potentially in the time
it's it's really where you know to the
open floor really what's the,
what's the appetite for that?
Yeah. So.
My question first would be Leanne,
what role do we currently play in asset
management in terms of maintenance
etcetera from an ask perspective,
do we get involved or is it just we will
raise if there's any issues etcetera?
The PPM we don't do anything with it,
I'm asking.
Yeah, it just goes to Ashley. Yeah. OK,
that's fine.
So Joe,
it might be just something that the
facilities guys themselves say.
Let's work together with IT maybe to see
I think with IT, yeah,
I think that's that's the way it is.
what we can do.
We're not part of the process.
They know mark. So yeah,
I think it would be for Ashley and IT to
pick up.
OK.
We we just touched on SFG 20 there.
Is there an opportunity to to build that
in or is is this something that we should
put into the parking lot for another
discussion,
but it's what it does is it just
specifies how to undertake that PPM to
the correct standard really.
So you I think you can you obviously you
can actually.
The the asset to the system.
And it will generate you know,
a process that that you're.
You're doing.
It correctly.
Yeah. So what you can do.
So when Josh talked about knowledge and
I'm I'm feeling this is phase two guys,
right?
Just just in terms of our core scope or
what because you currently don't if you
don't have it in Cherwell today,
then yeah, there's no, yeah,
there's no loss of service,
but I think there's an opportunity
actually for us to sort of take that away.
Frame.
From that as potential phase two.
So let me continue, right,
so you if you've got an asset,
so you've got an AC unit and you've got
procedure as to how to maintain that
things to check,
you can have things like a knowledge
article which shows the checklist which
you know or you can have an attachment to
that record that they download it,
tick it up and when they've done it.
As part of closure of, say,
a maintenance task,
they then submit that record with that
closure task.
So not only do you know it's been visited,
but you can see the checklist of you know
Yeah.
items on there.
And then there's also the opportunity,
because I've seen this before,
as you can probably tell,
what you can also do is you can have
points for concern, so.
Even if it doesn't stop it working,
what they can do is they can issue say
for example the philtre.
It might need a new philtre at the next
service.
What you would do is you'd have the
ability to make a note on that record.
So when the next schedule came around,
there was a note to say order a philtre
or whatever.
So these are things you could explore and
leverage.
The asset capability of ServiceNow.
Yeah, sounds good.
Let me just see what one of those looks
like 'cause.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's various things we can do. Yeah.
Checklist in the in the task.
Yeah. Good, that makes.
Sense.
Just before we move on because Mark said
flood.
The I'm I'm assuming when it comes to
like cleaners or like standard scheduled
items or PPM or reactive items,
there's no real approval workflows,
it's just you handle it and manage it.
Yeah, you think what it is really.
Obviously you know if expenditure we need
to call out someone else.
And obviously there's a approval process
go through.
But normally everyone knows what they're
doing and we work also closely,
all the contractors that they just when
this problem we would just get together
and we solve it.
Everything's really done very manually.
There's.
No, really.
Any sort of proper IT system we use it's
all.
Yeah.
I was thinking even if it's manual,
but like scenarios like flooding where if
there's extensive costs or I don't know
something's broken,
then you need to get budget in order to
resolve it.
Do you have any manual escalations or?
But if it's something that saves the
flooding,
we need to get any on the subcontractors
out the national call me and say,
can I do that?
And he'll tell me the coat and I'll say.
Yeah, yes or no.
OK, fine.
It's just back and forth between you 2
and then it gets resolved.
There's there's no like, if it's,
Yeah.
I don't know 20K to solve,
it's there's no official approvals,
it's just we need it done.
Obviously, if it's stupid money,
then obviously I'll go to my direct tab,
but normally I've got my own budget,
so that's that's actually fine.
We'll see in between that so.
Right. Yeah, cool. Thank you.
Just on the VPM tasks.
So that initial load if if we're happy
with that list of scheduled items.
We.
Need to migrate that into.
I think it's accurate. I think.
I think I think it covers everything that
we maintain.
So I don't think there's anything that's
missed. It's just being able to, yeah,
extract what we've got from there and and
make it a bit more prescriptive I think,
yeah. But we could work on that.
But do you know if there's a need to edit
those?
Like change schedules or names.
No,
I think I think they're all in line with.
With SFG 20,
from what I've looked at so far,
we've got the licence for them.
So.
I I can.
Kind of cross reference that as well
because.
I think I would have part of our solution
will be if you want to add a new
Yeah.
scheduled item or change an existing one.
Just wondering what the appetite for that
is or will it stay as it is forever?
Yeah.
To me it's everything seems to be in line
at the moment, so I wouldn't.
9.
I don't think we've got a big problem
with changing.
Frequencies.
Or anything as such really.
This transfer is.
The the only time the only time you do
that is if you procured a new. You know,
if you if you had a situation of new new
floor,
new office or whatever which had a
component that needed to be on asset that
needed to maintained you then just add it.
But you'd you do that all as your future
state you do that.
As part of the setup of that asset,
you'd set up the maintenance schedule
because you likelihood is you'll be
adding that to a contract of a, you know,
an engineering firm to, you know,
to fulfil that, right.
So you just do that as a suite.
Yeah. OK. OK.
I think we'll we'll get to that in the
solution then what we thought would make
sense. I think it still makes sense.
We we can always. We can always tweak it.
Yeah. But we'll we'll just, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. So save that for then? Yeah.
OK,
so tasks are in the system when one is is
due,
you'll get notified that a scheduled task
is due,
and then if it's an internal piece of
work to complete then.
That'll be done by one of your team on my
team if it's an external third party,
then your team will be coordinating the
e-mail.
Yeah, yeah, we, we, we we have a.
Subcontractor planner. If you like.
So I tracker with with, you know,
scheduled dates and things like that.
So we'll see that information.
And then how so if if that task is there
but it's external,
do you close the task as soon as you've
contacted them?
As soon as it's completed and we've got
the the service sheet and that that we
All right. OK.
closed out,
we need the evidence obviously that it's
been completed and once we're happy with
that then.
Yeah.
It'll close, correct. Yeah, sounds good.
It's a complete task.
They will inform you it's complete.
You complete, you close the ticket.
All right, I think that's.
Pretty, pretty accurate then.
Just check one thing.
We're talking tickets here.
This is an insure one at the moment is it?
Closing the job down itself.
So transitive mainstance is not inherit.
It is a chewer OK OK.
Thanks.
Good, good clarification, yeah.
Yeah.
And just on that one, actually,
when you close in you,
you'd still said you know you'd want to
be satisfied. That's been done.
Do they do they? Yeah.
Do they still submit any sort of
attachment,
any sort of record that you'd want to
attach to say one of these tasks as your
evidence of completion?
Yeah, I mean it,
it would be good to do that.
It doesn't happen at the moment. But yeah,
I mean something that we could upload
Brian.
into into the completed task if we could
download a service sheet or take a
photograph of the asset.
Yeah.
Hey, that's fine. Yeah.
Yeah, files.
That would that would be a bit more
prompt. Yeah. Yeah, do.
From that.
We have any,
I don't know if we've already reviewed it,
but do we have any logic between the
scheduled item and the ticket creation?
So I need like a week in advance month in
advance.
Does it depend on the priority of the
schedule item?
It's it's generally just scheduled on a
month by month basis,
so we can look at obviously as the new
one rolls around,
then the new schedules hit sharewell and
we see obviously what's scheduled for
specific dates and we'll know for.
Our from our planners.
Any subcontracted band dates that will be
uploaded into that.
Anything else? Mould on the as it process,
I think that's clear.
Relatively simple, yeah.
All right.
Good stuff that helps us inform the next
stages. So I guess, yeah,
it's captured some some of other current
state bits.
So reporting wise PPM scheduling tool
shows planned tasks for the month,
that's what you just explained Ashley.
And the reporting tool showing complete
BPM task. Other reports that was out.
That's all I had captured.
Yeah, I think that's it, isn't it? Yeah.
That's pretty much.
OK. All right.
Got that one assets we've talked about.
That's great.
Priority levels,
that's an interesting one to what we've
captured is P1's touch on a little bit
intended 1 to 4 hour response time,
but is that captured?
It is an interesting 1 the priorities
because we've had we've had.
A few issues.
Recently where P1.
Seem to close before we've had a chance
to get the task completed,
so it would go down as an SLA on Ola
failure.
That somebody else has addressed it,
though somebody hasn't just closed the
ticket because.
No, it just seems to time out.
So if we've got a one to four.
Our priority on AP1 and I'm assuming
that's that's what has been set up,
it could close down within.
You know 50 minutes less than an hour.
That's good. So we've,
we've we've had issues with that recently.
So ServiceNow in general but won't close.
Can have triggered P1 and then it's
escalated saying your SLA has been hit,
but it won't just randomly close so.
Yeah.
Which is which is with with sherwell.
That's not ideal at all.
It's strange. Yeah.
So would we have clearly sort of defined
one's full priorities.
So would priority four be an extendable
time if imparts are required and things
like that? Yeah.
Can we can set that up based on on your
need? Yeah. Yeah. So.
So.
So we've got a slide on Slas. Sorry, Mark,
do you want to input?
No, no.
All I was going to say is part of what we
would do if you're having that experience,
where there's doubts,
if you like in the reputation,
what we would do is do a baselining
activity.
So by the nature of what you're getting,
you'll have greater controls on the
closures we would,
we would look because you'll you may well
have certain assets that even if it's AP1,
if the.
Maintenance or the controls activity that
you need to do takes you know it takes
you say 2 hours to strip it down,
maintain 2 hours to put it back.
You're never going to hit the target.
So what you'd want to do is you'd want to
have exceptions because the the whole
point about the priority is getting the
right person to initiate and resolve.
But if the actual act.
Activity is longer than it becomes a moot
point,
but what you can do is we can then start
to look at what is the sensible Olas
based upon priority,
but also based upon the component that or
the asset that you're dealing with.
Yeah.
Because in the real world, yeah.
And I'm being, you know,
maybe maybe not quite a pedant,
but in the real world,
you will have situations where you'll
never be able to do something within an
hour, however much you know.
And the whole point is it's a target
point, right? You know, if, for example,
you have to respond to a leak.
Yeah,
or flooding as I pick on my bank analogy,
it used to take them about 16 hours
because it was a basement in York that
was flooding.
They literally took about 16 hours to
have the pumps available and empty.
There's no way you can hold them account
for a four hour recovery when they're in
that situation. So it's about.
Yeah, responding. And you know,
resolution within the bounds of what that
asset necessitates. OK,
so part of what we can start to do,
not immediately.
But after you've got a few records in and
we start to Josh's point producing those
that you know those.
Averages the information the Intel the MI.
You can then start to baseline what is
fair,
what type of task results in what type of
Ola that you can expect,
or what type of contractual expectation
you might have on a given provider.
And then that plays up into what you
actually confirm as your service levels.
And equally you today.
Make sense?
Yeah. Yeah, it does. Yeah, I'm.
And.
From a.
Change perspective.
You don't want Slas or Olas that people
just don't take seriously,
because if you're like,
I'm never going to hit.
It's it's wasted effort.
You kind of want people to hit it.
So to Mark's point,
like be realistic of what you can do.
And the other thing we've said with other
just for consistency,
because we've had quite a few of these
workshops.
We've said that maybe on day one we don't
have Olas or Slas, but we have the data.
So there's been up, there's been some.
Reservations about the data in Shareworld
or you know,
are we being held to the right data or
was that the right KPI? Joe,
you can keep me honest here.
But we've said like maybe we just have a
period or a grace period to see what is
actually available for 1/4, let's say,
and then have the discussion with Mark or
with the workstream leads and with your
leadership team,
as to let's say your turn around time is
3 days, make it 4,
give yourself some grace and then you can
work.
Work down or more efficiently.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah,
I think it's important across all areas
IT facilities ask that we approach OL ES
and SL ES and same or similar ways so
Yeah.
that we can measure that data.
If we don't have it,
Yep.
obviously there may be pockets where
we've got clear SL ES that are agreed and
we can put them in.
And obviously,
but I think if we're still trying to work
out what those are,
we should approach it consistently.
There be the option to if we're attending
a say for instance of AP 1.
So we've we've responded we're there,
we're where we need to be.
Obviously we need to extend the time on
that. There'll be an option to do that.
I think having the web application would
help with that. Would it not?
Having like on the mobile phone and you
think you'll have that option to see us
2.
Much changes, yeah.
and audit trails is why we can't close it
on time.
Yeah.
So how does that work in the system?
It would probably help us understand and
So. So yeah, to to Joe,
there's a piece of me that's sort of
decide that.
going.
Why wouldn't you just utilise the
standard incident management practise and
activity say that it might utilise but we
utilise the the capability, if you like,
for facilities such that you?
You know you can update an instant record.
Do you know what I mean?
You actually manage it just like you
would,
because anything of the high priority is
pretty much a significant incident that
you need to address or resolve.
So some of those, you know,
there's a piece of me that sort of says
from a system perspective.
And this is something we'll take away.
Josh, whether we can, whether there's,
you know, some.
Sort of alignment,
but certainly a lot of organisations will
just use the IT standard instant
management activity because it aligns and
it enables all of the things you're
asking for. So for example,
actually you might have an update and the
record say we know this is taking
extended, yeah,
we've advised the business it's been.
Accepted.
Therefore you can you can make you know
just in essence excluded from the SLA
because you know you're addressing it.
You know you're on track and there's,
yeah, there's no, there's no,
there's nothing more you can do to
achieve.
Perhaps some of those targets or what we
can do in certain situations,
you'll make them SLA exempt, right.
So depending on the service category that
you select,
you know extreme flooding or whatever or
certain criteria for facilities power or
you know could say for example you lose a,
you lose a site say you've got site in
you know Mumbai or something like that
because there's been monsoons.
And again I've been here where you've
lost all.
Power to that office and what have you.
It is no point having an SLA on that.
That becomes a, you know,
almost like a sort of not quite the
disaster event,
but that becomes a heightened level of
incident,
but you're not able to totally control
the outcome. So you that would be exempt.
Based on that categorization,
you'd have it exempt from your Slas.
These are all things that the standard
instant rocess could do for you if you
wanted to adopt that, but again,
I'm being really careful here why I'm
sort of leveraging towards Josh needs to
do. It may be that phase one, we do this,
but it might be in a further phase.
When we look at your assets and other
bits and pieces that actually you migrate
over for the need and for the situations
you've described to actually exploit some
of the more core,
you know capabilities within the platform
at an enterprise level,
because I would be counselling a bit of
that because it enables ticket transfer
between.
And you guys through if it get to the
site because your users are complaining
that their, yeah,
their powers flicking and they find the
situation they might want to move that
instant ticket into your group
maintenance group.
So you can engage and work with it to
recover that situation because sometimes
I'm sure you won't be working in
isolation. There will be some other.
Implications, right?
Do you see where I'm coming from?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
And is any of that in place at the moment?
Ashley. Sam,
like where you would work with IT in that
particular instance because I'm conscious
from an *** perspective,
we don't necessarily have incident that
would impact wide things like that.
We are very much like service driven.
So it's not necessarily something that
stops anything in its tracks.
But is there situations where you have
agreements with IT just now around
different things that might crossover
both sides?
If it's like a major incident or anything
like that that comes through.
I don't think there's any. All.
There's not any any sort of automated
integration really.
It's just communicate that really you
OK.
Yeah.
know.
Yeah.
Let's go hands on deck, mate.
If you haven't flood,
you know what I mean.
Could be the landlords are involved,
could be the cleaners. It could be M&
Yeah.
Hmm.
Yeah.
A.
Could you know a whole host of different
people involved just to get the matter
resolved as soon as possible?
Yeah.
Yeah, I see it.
Can I take your point about business
Yeah. So but but.
Yeah.
continuity?
It could be something where a number of
Yeah, it makes sense, yeah.
different teams need to get involved,
so maybe that sits aside from it's,
it's got its own category, hasn't it,
if you like?
Well.
Yeah, it's, it's something.
It's something to explore,
I think it's yeah.
guys is what I'm thinking. As I say,
it may not be for this phase because the
priority we're trying to do here is get
ourselves off Cherwell and keep you
operational.
But what I'm what I'm suggesting is some
of that thinking, Josh,
that we might need to do is say,
what can we do in foundations if if
there's a benefit case to move them.
More towards, you know,
a sort of standardised instant process or
whatever it is that we know and love from
an IT angle that aligns to what these
guys do, you know,
in their day-to-day as well.
I think there's an opportunity for
further discussion on that to say is that
something we put on the road map.
Once you're, you know,
once you're off and using service now you
know because you know you,
you can evolve and the whole point here
is we want to get you to a position of
betterment.
But the whole point of the enterprise is
you is you do have that cross team
collaboration.
You have full visibility of activities,
tickets.
You know you can transfer activities
across, you know,
and I'll give you another example where
that could be beneficial to use.
The ITSM capabilities is, say for example,
you've got maintenance and it's a
generator test on a given building or
whatever, you know,
you need to be able to raise a change to
tell the IT team that because if they
suddenly see a load of components
dropping.
You know,
at that time you don't want them calling
people up in the middle of the night if
they've seen a change request from you to
say at this time to this time we're doing
Jenny tests, you know what I mean?
So naturally, you know,
it's part of my IT cap on.
I think there's some areas where we want
to join up, you know,
and and start to bring it together.
And even if it's not something you do
today as systemically, there might be an,
you know,
because you're doing it through dialogue
and everything else across team,
the collaborations happening.
But what it can do is enable you to do
that with a systemic support,
giving you audit trail,
giving you all of the information,
giving you records that you.
You can look back on and you can do trend
analysis,
improvement and all of that good stuff,
right?
Do you think there's an appetite for that?
Is that something you want to look at or
do we just stick with what you've got
today and?
It would be a betterment than what we've
got. Yeah. So, you know, if you take that,
for instance with, with,
with the generator testing, so we've got.
Coming up in March, Sam, haven't we?
So that communication with the IT team
starts now we start to talk about you
know, potential shutdowns,
black building tests.
There's communication also with the
landlords,
so there's quite a few different sort of
moving parts,
Yeah, yeah.
but it is just communication via e-mail
at the moment and you know we capture.
Yeah. So, so if you had the situation,
so if you had the situation, this is the,
Yeah. So yeah.
I think the point, right,
if you had the situation where someone
said, well, you didn't tell me,
but you know you've got it through comms
Yeah.
because it's in the system,
it's in a record and you've got some of
that because we can do auto note, yeah,
there's a lot of things that the tool can
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
do for you. It cuts out.
That e-mail traffic and you've got it.
The audit trial in a record or you've got
the construct in a record.
Yeah,
it's it's definitely part of the NT and
Yeah.
appetite obviously of the firm to
categorise everything that we're doing
across all the functions,
which is what the service catalogue has
started to do.
It's probably not a priority for service
design that's been surfaced at the moment,
but it is something that we should
certainly capture because when we come to
look at phase.
To depending on what's in that list,
we're going to need to prioritise it,
right?
So it might be that these are the ones
Yeah, yeah.
that we start to prioritise depending on
what the biggest demand and impact is and
things like that.
So I think we need to capture it.
It's a parking lot or a future decision
type thing. So it doesn't get lost.
Yeah, yeah.
Definitely nice maturity step.
Better to parking lot for future.
I think we've got a little bit on that
later as well,
Yeah.
but it's probably the same conversation,
OK, just on the SLA bit,
just close it out. But is that?
What?
We've got there intended 1 to 4 is that.
People,
your customers know that it's a
communicated thing. That's your SLA.
No,
it's not really communicate out just for
OK.
internal for usage when we have proper
reviews and stuff.
Yeah, OK.
We only really seem CP ones and P twos I
think really.
We're done it in the realms of trees,
of course.
Right. Yeah, that's what.
And amounts pre man is pre populated
isn't it?
Yeah.
Why pre put in the problem automatically
assigns priority?
Oh yeah, we've had. We've got.
We'll do that in future, though. Yeah.
Yeah. And P2 just down here,
I think in the conversation we we didn't
capture,
did we know what that timer was for P2?
I mean, I'm a normal circumstances,
I would have said 1 to 24 hours,
really once,
4 hours for one P once and P2's 1 to 24
hours. But.
That's how I've worked in the past.
I don't know how.
Show it was wedding.
Yeah, I say no. We get things. Yeah.
I think it's because we all communicate
Why aren't I?
with each other.
We don't kind of rely on that sort of
Yeah.
data because I've never had it really.
It has worked properly.
So we normally just rely on each other.
And.
We have conversations,
something's delayed.
Then we talk to the person that's
involved in stuff like that.
Yeah.
This seems to work just so that I'm clear.
Is there a global process for this or is
this just focused on the UK and like
Glasgow office like the UK offices?
So I'm just thinking like let's say if we
were to scale this out for facilities in
like the Middle East or.
Or.
To this app on the office,
a lot of them are service offices they
wouldn't have.
The.
Involvement that we have because we're so
big that we have to have our own M&
E team,
a lot of them will actually their
Yeah.
landlords will do that for them.
So they won't actually have that.
OK, it's like ready.
Process, so really ignore me. Yeah,
it's been a big one.
But that's.
But that's a it's it's an important it's
an important point, right,
because if you if if you wanted to make
sure that the landlords were responding,
if you're leasing an office,
say in Dubai and you wanted that landlord
to be responsive,
you want to know how many times have you
called them,
how many tickets to that office because
that data might tell you,
do you know what?
We're not going to have that office again
next year.
We're going to move to this office
because that's shocking.
The traceability of that data,
which is why having the office locations
in an asset in the CMDB or that type of
thing,
you can see how many instance you get
against that location.
You can start to trend,
where you've got issues where you've got.
Challenges,
and it might even mean that you switched.
You know, you might, as I say,
switch the switch the building or you
might switch out or you,
you know it gives you fact based data to
which actually feeds into your
organisational accommodation strategy
that says actually we keep having these
types of buildings in this location.
But consistently we can see there's
failures there.
It doesn't help our partners on the
ground.
We need to look for this or we need to
centralise those offices now,
because actually there's greater value in
US doing that and maybe procuring our own
yo-yo setup or whatever it happens to be.
The important piece is you want the date
that operating in a certain way gives you
foundational data which enables you then
to make data different driven decisions
in terms of what you do, as you know,
in terms of your locations,
management of those landlords, suppliers,
etcetera.
Makes sense?
Yeah, that makes sense.
So is that something that we then think
about for not day one is that?
Your recommendation?
I I would counsel that there's work.
You know, I don't know whether Alex,
you agree with me, but you know,
because you can say because within the
system we can sort of say all of these
location assets are, you know,
over here or managed or these these are
the sites and we can log instance to
those and anything that goes say to a.
To the M and EQ or the OPS management Q
or whatever you know is ring fenced for
them. So when they go on system,
they only see their records and it only
see their we can do all of that lovely
good stuff.
But for me there's a bit that says I
think there's an opportunity for you.
I think there's an opportunity one gives
you just greater.
You know visibility and it's something I
I've seen and done a number of times and
it and it is absolutely a strong position
for you. So yes, maybe not for day one,
but I would certainly look at it on from
from on the road map perspective. Alex,
do you, do you concur,
do you see where I'm going?
Yeah.
Oh, absolutely. And to your point,
I don't think it's a massive uplift to do.
So I think the key thing for me would be
probably around the data that's, you know,
Huh.
in the background of it and whatever else
we'd we'd need to pull in teams,
for example,
like the people who do all the office
moves and stuff because keeping that data
accurate and up-to-date and and not
getting the right data at the start.
But I do think from the queue and logging
point of view,
that's probably a quick one.
The other stuff would be maybe the
vegetable on longer term.
But it's probably when we can have a chat
offline about it,
Yeah.
mark to see if it's what could you do and
what shouldn't we do for face.
Yeah. Yeah, let's do that.
All right, so good to be cool.
As I say, he is always a rabbit hole here,
so that's why.
I'm sorry, I'm.
Not cheering too loudly.
Now, OK, I hear you.
For the parking lot, OK.
Anything else while on this topic,
I'll cover everything I think.
All right. I don't think we need that one.
Pain points.
So these are captured from the original
call.
I think we've talked about quite a few of
these today.
Let me know if any of these are incorrect.
So the mobile access.
A real time close out.
That's what we mentioned earlier.
P1 and two.
P2 especially, we talked about,
we don't know what that is in the system
essentially.
No automatic assignment at the moment.
Do we get into assignment automation in
solution?
Yeah, we have routing to M&E.
And so we we touch on that a bit good.
Abbreviation of the descriptions for the
Assets asset piece, we'll address that.
Clients flagging no compliance flagging.
We've talked about that on the call,
didn't we briefly?
Yeah, we did. Yeah, yeah. Statutory.
Yeah.
Obligations.
That's that's not identified as such.
So.
So I have to sort of get the bones out of
it every month, right?
Alright, OK.
So we're saying we're gonna put that in
the system or not putting that in the
system.
Complicated for that,
we thought about that and as his solution.
It.
Clients planning,
I think we have or is it?
We got priority routing and team routing.
I don't think we have compliance packing.
We've got for the PPM.
We have a checkbox or a drop down for
kind of regulatory items.
Would that work? Yeah, I think so.
But once we get into,
Yeah.
we can always adjust the solution to see
if it works. If it doesn't work,
could it be like eaps?
We've been so many workshops.
Could it be like E billing where you have
that you know when we said we wanted like
proactive scheduling or?
Where it tells you like. Oh,
for compliance. This is due at this day.
I tried that by.
Just. Yeah, I don't know. Well, you know,
we've been so many of these workshops.
Is there some ideas we can nick from
other?
Well,
there's there's core functionality in the
It's a third type.
And sneak.
sense that you can classify a record,
right?
So if the if it's a scheduled activity
that is for compliance,
you can you can record you basically you
can set that up so that every time that
fires there's a compliance category
applied to it.
One could be routine maintenance,
one could.
Could be compliance.
One could be what are the other options
you might have?
Like you know you know ad hoc or whatever
you know you you you would drive those by
from the schedule.
So actually if you knew which ones.
Were statutory from the off that you at
the point of scheduling when that task
got generated,
if we knew that and we tracked it,
Yeah.
we'd we'd just classify the record and
then you just run a report to say how
many were categorised as statutory,
you know, tasks Bosh.
There's your report of how many you've
done.
Yep, it's valid, though. Yeah. Yeah, sure.
I'm.
Yeah, cool.
Pretty sure we.
Thank you.
Mobile experience we mentioned manual
reporting.
Four things.
So those reports are manual at the moment.
Are they provided just capture that.
Mobile report.
Sorry the the manual.
Main reporting.
Yeah, so these reports.
Shows plan,
so it's it's probably this reporting tool
shows completed BPM tasks kind of can't
imagine that's manual, is it?
It's more the Reactives manual, isn't it?
Oh, right.
Because sometimes they go direct.
So that's a list of them as well as come
through as connect.
OK, cool. We can we can.
You can't extract the beat up from Cheryl.
Last one's data and completed task,
but it's not great.
That's definitely not great,
Alright, that's fine.
and it's not trustworthy, right? Well.
We'll look at some of the reports that we
propose.
Why say what you make? It's like so yeah.
What?
What I what I do for for my reporting to
Sam.
It's literally just counter.
How many we've done so it needs to
generate, you know,
some some yes and some.
Yeah, I really.
But the idea would be that you wouldn't
have to do.
It would automatically.
Yeah,
the the idea would be Sam would be able
to self help from just having a data,
a wiki or something on a dashboard that
told her the answer without you even
having to do anything.
Yeah.
Alright. I mean going.
Through these, I think there's lot.
Of value out.
We're gonna gonna get from this.
So it's pretty good.
Capacity tracking,
I think you said that's not captured at
the moment,
that'll be be a part of this as well.
Say number of tasks and what not.
That's right.
Duplicate systems.
Yeah,
the e-mail piece I think is perhaps 11
for a parking lot of what we do with the
mailbox. Mark,
I know you'll be interested in that one.
The.
Existing mailbox triggering cases.
Yeah,
the the the key point here will be that
currently there's a, yeah,
just for the audience,
there's like 32 odd different e-mail
boxes firing tickets into Cherwell in
various states of quality and randomness.
What we're trying to do is say,
and which is why I asked the question,
that if all of your users.
And requesters are internal.
Then there should be no reason why they
wouldn't be driven into the portal,
and therefore you that enables us to turn
off some of those Cherwell e-mail or that
particular e-mail address because you say
you don't need that anymore because
you're going to direct everybody to that.
You know to the portal so the
organisational change would be for your
audience.
So you'll no longer be to send an e-mail
into here,
you'll do it via this form in the portal.
You just sever that link and then that's
something that we haven't got to build
and develop.
You know to enable you to move forwards
now it might be that you go. Actually no,
we do need that as a backstop and then if
so we know about it,
we know what we're building.
But at the end of the day,
that won't be as rich as what you'd get
from the form.
And then what you can potentially look at
is you might put a message or auto reply
on that e-mail when they submit it.
Or some sort of indication that says if
you submit it by e-mail,
you won't get as fast a response as if
you use the portal and then you drive the
behaviour by service quality. Again.
Something to think about.
Definite a different value out of the
system,
and that's kind of the same as one low
direct contact.
So push them towards the portal and no
customer communication.
I I captured there of the call.
So as I said and we can look at this a
little bit later if we if you want to see
a demo but.
If the request has raised the task,
they'll be able to check on the status of
it and be able to respond to them and
have more of a chat than a back and forth.
Yeah, it's closing the loop,
isn't it really? I mean,
I do ask my guys to make sure that they
go back and speak to the customer and
OK.
make sure they're happy.
Don't lose that interaction. But yeah,
generating something to see what's been
done is quite important, isn't it?
Yeah, we'll show you how that looks.
So front and back.
OK.
Yeah, I think.
Gonna be able to address quite a lot of
these. It's it's quite good.
Is there anything else top of mind top of
your mind? That's not in this list, that.
No.
OK,
I think it's good time for a break and
then.
We'll look at data clean up,
but it's it's not as plain as.
It sounds.
I put in the agenda an extended break
here.
I think some people may have booked in
calls and things, so like half an hour.
So let's go with that one and then we'll
try.
And how do at the end through the
solution and those up.
So back 11:45, Josh. Yeah.
I could go to 12.
Yeah, yeah, good maths.
1:45.
Very good. Thank you very much.
Great. Thanks.
Thanks so.
Thank you.
I might get much.
Go, go.
I can't hear what you're saying,
but the actions speak volumes.
And so he looks good.
I was going to say luckily only lasts a
month.
Well.
That's amazing. See if you can hear.
You hear? It's OK up. Come here.
Yeah, I can hear you.
Yep, got yours now.
You.
OK.
Kick off again in a moment.
Right this this bit.
On data we were able to get some of the
high level data in the system.
Just look at the categories and types and
stuff like that.
Just wanted to flash it up on screen.
Really just kind of give you.
Is this still up today? Is it?
Is this something we want to move?
Or do we?
Want to take this opportunity to clean it
up or change it wouldn't do it right now
in the session,
but that's what we do afterwards.
So teams wise,
this is what we captured as as teams.
Let us know if any of these are now
defunct or not needed or.
That makes sense.
Yeah.
It seems it's.
I think when you actually see it in
context, then we might say actually no,
there's something else that might be
OK. Yeah.
added to change. But yeah, from that,
that they're all still relevant.
Yep, still relevant. OK.
Categories. They're broken down for these.
What are these used for these categories?
What?
Are these extracted from the surface?
Yeah, it's.
It's from the ticket type and share. Well,
and this is what's going to be used in
the proposed solution to drive the
routing and the priority.
I think this is what we're not expecting
you to have. The answers at the moment.
Yeah.
It's just kind of a high level this we
haven't system if you want to have a
review afterwards.
I think the next slide is probably more
relevant to the general cleanup we.
I did notice on this one we got cooling
and heating and heating and cooling.
Probably 1.
That's quite normal with chairwo.
Yeah.
Stuff like lockers, lockers,
other other toilet repairs. It's not,
it's not. I guess urgent.
Urgent to do the implementation,
but obviously if you guys clean it up in
advance,
then the data that you have in the system
is a lot more accurate.
Your report is more accurate your
workflow.
Are overall better,
so it's just to put it on your radar that
this is an ideal thing to do before we
start doing the implementation.
Yeah, it wasn't a hard exercise to take.
It's just a view on when we get to add in
the data in then might want to clean up
and have a look.
Do you want to get a copy of that at some
point just so I can send it out to a few
different teams just for them to sense
check it,
so make sure I've got missing out on
something.
Coffee machine. That's not on there.
I can't see it. That's that's.
Is alma. It's an honour.
Looks like sorry.
Can I just double check?
Did we say this was all lifted from
sharewell? Is that right?
What's existing in there already?
OK.
I'm just wondering from a service
catalogue perspective,
do we need to do that alignment piece as
well,
maybe not at this sub category level?
I don't know what's captured in the
service catalogue for your teams. Ashley,
Sam,
have you has that been covered for you
guys?
Oh,
remember that we mentioned a few years
ago,
but I don't remember what happened with
it.
If it actually went forward or not with
the catalogue from our side,
I'll have to check in with Rosa.
OK,
let me have a look at the actual copy of
the service catalogue that we've got and
see if you guys are on it and I'll
circulate with you as if I can find that
you are on it there.
But I think we just want to align as I
say maybe not sub category,
but the levels above that if we're going
through the employee centre.
Yeah.
Quick question from our spotted printer
issues and folks are they not?
Is that not IT?
No,
the first line will be the floor
ambassadors.
We'll check them first and guide Xerox to
OK.
get the, you know,
liaise with them then if it's the
software issue,
then it's or it's hardware.
Gotcha, right. Yeah. OK, understood.
One of them's IT. One of them's.
That's interesting actually.
So if if the item so we we just need to
sort work that one through.
So the IT if someone contacts IT say the
printer isn't working,
how does your IT will then do what would
they speak to you guys in connect or
would they would they want to engage the
team on the floor someone.
On the floor to go and look at that
machine, how would that work in practise?
It would probably go to the front and say
Yep,
but it's not as it's flooring basters and
then they would let them know it's the
flooring basters or it would be askinx to
triage,
so they would probably be or or they
should know what they do and they don't
OK, well.
do so.
And generally the floor ambassadors are
on the floor,
so they will check the printers they
should know before anyone else if there's
an issue because they should be checking
them throughout the day so they will
highlight an issue and then ring Xerox up.
If it's a problem.
OK.
And then obviously then liaise with
myself or my colleague Lee.
And then towards IT,
if it's not a Xerox issue.
But there's a bit of historical stuff
here,
Got you.
mark around the way the contracts are set
up and whatever else the printer
OK.
contracts are set under buildings and
facilities rather than.
Yeah, just. Yeah.
Because the reason I was asking is
I but that.
because you, you,
they it might all materialise us and
having you know be familiar with some of
these things like you know whether it's
cereals contract,
Konica or whoever you can have situations
where you call them out they get out to
sight,
they look at it go this is an issue with
your print server or something.
That actually is an IT issue.
Typically you want it to be triaging all
of the bits that we're accountable for
before you engage the supplier,
because otherwise you spend money on a
call out depending on what your contract
setup is. So.
Yeah, we don't have to call outs.
We actually do on the phone.
So it's it's done very much.
The Xerox tell them.
What?
To check they do two or three different
things, and if it's not then they'll know.
If it's Xerox,
or if it's IT issue and then we escalate
it either way. So it's.
So in that situation,
would you then raise a ticket on IT via
A.
the portal?
Yes.
It would. It would. OK.
Yeah.
And then obviously then we only have off.
Of the portal conversations with certain
people,
try and push things along as quickly as
we can to get it resolved.
Yeah, it feels, yeah.
Just when I look at that, that,
that just sort of feels and really do
forgive me for saying this feels a bit
clunky when, you know, depend you,
you want a common routine so you can move
that ticket without having to create new
tickets and things like that for your own.
We might, you know.
The IT that actually is changing soon,
so there's a massive global project,
It actually is changing soon,
so there's a massive global project,
Yeah.
Yes.
so that will be all different.
The way we'll be working.
so that will be all different the way
we'll be working.
Isn't it? Yeah.
So there's a new there's a global print
project which is running and it's part of
that,
the contracts and stuff will move into
Simon's world. So, you know,
OK. So we're we're,
so we will get swept up when another
printers will be that whole printer
management.
global project materialises.
Yeah.
Ment Simon Wallace so as organisational
take on.
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a desk side desk. Yeah. Yeah.
OK, now that answers that. Thank you.
And also as part of that whole workplace
piece.
What is?
I'll shut up.
Just a comment on this.
Yeah.
It's in process. Just some of these.
Actually connector.
So like car park cycle car parking.
So car park in the cycle storage.
Yeah, yeah, but security.
I didn't know security even used this
chair well.
I thought they did her, I thought.
Can I believe? Yeah.
Do they have access to it?
They have they have access but.
I've never known them to use.
It so it all comes through emails.
If someone says I'm linked into their
More. Mm-hmm. Yep.
e-mail boxes. So yeah,
it comes through emails.
Because these categories were created on
the basis that all these teams were going
to be on sharewell and it turned out that
that was.
So at the time, because there was,
I think it was like they were offered
that and then it just didn't suit their
needs at the time.
So that's why they never went on farewell.
And I think This is why we have a shared
share well with facilities.
OK. Yeah. That makes sense actually.
But is is it involved? Thank you.
Is it a case of when if it's a security
item, you would select that?
For the car park and cycle storage again
was just added at the beginning,
but so I I would probably.
Remove that because.
It's.
You're duplicating it because we have it
anyway,
and the process for cycle parking and car
parking.
And you've got locker and lockers again.
Let me security, wouldn't it?
Yes.
And lost and stolen.
Stolen quite a few things there, isn't it?
The system I.
Yes.
Think on on in the solution we have
another.
Description field.
That removes the sub category,
so just go straight into the description
so text box and.
Yeah.
We can use the data from other if there's
other things been requested that we can
add into that category to capture later,
OK.
We'll go through when we go. Yeah,
we have a open description.
So if there's any, that's whatever they.
I was gonna say I'm assuming the windows
one depends on whether you're inside or
outside the building, right?
OK.
Yes, definitely cleaned up, isn't it?
Clean up your hand but yeah, alright,
I think.
Good.
It was good to to look through any who,
but let's get into.
And what we think is going look like
Marwan over to you, Sir.
Yeah.
So just a caveat,
this isn't the definitive this is in the
kind of we're doing this full stop.
We're open to feedback,
we want to align it with your
requirements.
This is what we've understood based on
the as is processes and the information
we've just reviewed so.
We've broken it down into four different
categories,
so we have appm dedicated area where as
we said earlier,
you'll be able to be able to adjust your
schedules.
We have accommodated for being able to
add in new PPM.
Scheduled items can add or remove that as
necessary,
but we just thought it's useful in case
they do come up in the future.
We don't have to make any changes,
it's just future proofs it a little bit.
Front facing portal. So as we said,
we want your form intake to be available
to users internally and it just kind of
helps to move away from the emails even
if in phase one we're still doing emails
for the majority at least you have that
facility within ServiceNow to be able to
raise issues and to be able to raise your
reactive requests.
And.
Agent workspace.
That's just your dedicated area within
ServiceNow where you can manage your
tickets.
You could put philtres over them and
where the reports are going to be driven
from.
In essence to pull the data and then
e-mail expiration.
So there's the idea was we have a 2
phased approach. Phase one,
we have e-mail integrations when they
come in through to your group e-mail,
they're just automatically created the
tickets.
And you also have the option of front
facing port to.
So if you want to get that change piece
started you have two ways of doing it.
So it's not too much of A change for the
existing.
Yep.
Any questions so far on the approach or?
So this is just a mock up and the fields
that I've suggested potentially.
We've got your facilities,
category of facilities,
subcategories that's based on the
previous slides where your facility,
sub category just gives you that
additional routing or that additional
reporting visibility location.
So depending on what structure and
ServiceNow were proposing to have.
An auto fill,
so as you're typing it comes up or
potentially a drop down.
We still need to decide on what it
actually is, but it stops users from.
I think different formats of locations
and again for reporting consistency and
routing,
it provides a bit more kind of structure
issue description.
I've realised has a drop down that's
incorrect. The idea was an open text box.
So when you're going into it you have
that additional context.
Safety risk area usable and impacting
those are just yes or no's and that
drives your priority rating.
We will need to actually define where
they route,
but ultimately it's a safety risk as AP1
if it's not a safety risk, it's AP 2.
But if it's a safety risk and the area is
unusable, then it's AP one.
Really simple routing,
but gives that granularity and when you
go into there you have those fields
available in the agent workspace to
reference.
The obvious risks or fields that are
missing,
or things that you prefer to restructure.
So this would that be the detail of that
a person would fill in themselves once
it's online, correct?
I'm just a bit concerned that some of the
questions we're asking someone to fill in,
like the safety risks.
Is the area usable like that?
I think we might get some random weird
things from people.
Yeah.
You'd you'd there'd be a pick list.
OK, so that honest.
It's a yes or no.
Play song.
So you'd steer them via the, you know,
the pick list choices. You know,
that would describe what that is and the
tool would highlight, you know,
we'd be able to put some clarity around
what that content was. So it's a,
you know, is the user, is the area usable,
IE can people get in there and still work
whatever where is unusable, you know,
do you know what I mean?
That they would be steered gracefully?
Selecting the right option.
Yeah,
but my concern is that everyone in the
office, if it's just the heating,
it's urgent.
I can't work until this and it's
literally they will see everything as
panic stations.
I'm worried that everything will just
come through as emergency when it may not
be,
maybe just something's cold in their
office or they've seen a mouse, you know.
The sort of things you'd get in there and
see if it gets really blown up,
so I'm just.
But you can adjust the priority once it
lands in, you'd liaise with that person.
You'd calm them down,
so put a jumper on and we're and put it
as AP3 or something, right? The point is,
this is just enabling your audience to
register.
And that would be the the receiving team
that could have that communication about
changing the priority would it be?
It's whoever has been in assigned to,
or if we have a manager and kind of like
the sub employees as well,
it's whoever picks up the ticket or the
manager, the kids.
That change the permissioning in the
system,
so I think I think it's again we can
remove it, we can adjust it.
We can make it non mandatory,
but the main benefit is it highlights
what priority is and then you can speak
to them like you said and then manage it
internally.
But if you don't have that and then the
things are coming through, it's like OK,
this is this isn't the end of the world.
Whereas in reality the area is not usable,
there's electricity.
And why it was coming through and then
you don't have that additional visibility?
I just wonder if.
You're going to too much depth because I
think things like that we would know
about straight away. There's nothing.
There's floods like.
Literally.
When do you want it to be resolved by?
So for instance, if it's a,
the heating isn't working. As an example,
you can be all right if it's not working
for you know few days.
But.
You don't want a meeting office.
That continue doesn't have heating,
Yeah.
that they'll say like. All right,
can you just sort this out at some point
this week? Yeah. Normally it's.
Not it's not working. It's. I'm cold.
She's hot.
And then she puts it up.
I turn it back down and then sort of
things you have in the office.
It's more than that working.
Alright, but rather than a pricing no,
because I'm just thinking if if priority
is too contentious,
do you want a the person to say when they
want it resolved by?
Because then that gives you an idea of
how.
Everyone was there as soon as possible.
But the the the problem is guys,
you just get everyone.
No, I don't have the help.
Did you?
Yeah.
You just get everyone saying as soon as
possible or you know so so that, yeah,
Yeah, that's what.
That's what I'm saying in the room.
the the point of sort of getting them to
by having selectables it it sort of helps
them think about just steer them a little
bit in terms of what are the implications
etcetera.
Now you're it's never going to be perfect
for the audience but the key point is it.
Gives you as the first receivers of the
ticket a little bit more insight to be
able to then engage to support the
customer and also you say you might know
already if it's a location that's quite a
sort of extreme location that you may not
know about.
It is pertinent to have those questions
to sort of steer them because you might
not have eyes and ears on the ground in
all locations.
The base isn't it though for us?
We only look after.
London.
So is always someone in the office of
walking around the street.
Guys will do their walk around so they.
Yeah, but, but what? OK, understood.
But what happens if, say,
I was in Dubai office and it lost power?
How would I engage someone to help me?
It wouldn't come to us.
It would come to us.
That would be them talking to their
landlords directly.
Yeah. So.
So depending on the so the only type.
So what we could do is if the location
comes up and it's London,
you could hide a certain number of
questions. You might not ask them,
you might just put give them if you have
select London,
you might just ask for a general text box.
What's the problem and you won't ask
anything about the priority,
whereas if it's saying.
To further remoter locations,
you might ask these questions.
We've got the ability,
depending on what they select to present
certain fields or not present certain
fields,
depending on how you want to operate it.
Yeah.
I just think for London because obviously
we're completely set out, you know,
to like to buy things like that.
The less clicks someone has to do,
the better.
I think the more clicks they're going to
do,
Yeah.
the more likely they're going to pick up
the phone and call.
Ask connect people honestly,
I've ever been thinking about,
You know.
so they've selected lighting and power.
Or whatever.
They've selected the subcategory instead
of letting names select critical facing
service, you tell them OK, we will aim to.
To have this.
One to four hours or whatever.
Your service levels are actually,
so you're telling them it will be sorted
That's.
A good idea?
Yeah, yeah.
within that time,
so it's not impacting your service levels.
Yeah, you're set.
You you just set the expectation bond
Yes.
based upon your capability and they just,
yeah, good shout.
Do we have all of the local?
Do we have a list of all of our locations
and who manages that?
Each location with other own office OPS
manager and they will deal with that
building.
So.
So there's no central area where we we
would maintain a list of all of our
locations.
So yeah, so Michael blitz,
his team probably have the closest list
for that because they do all that.
So they do all the office moves.
Yeah. One second, yeah.
For example,
if we are moving from building A to
building B or planning to look for new
premises and whatever else,
that organisation facilitates all of that.
So.
That would be the best data source for
that list I think probably becomes how.
Sick.
Yeah, so if we.
How is it being tained and up to date
continuously going forward?
Well, this comes back to.
This comes back to the organisational
See.
piece that sort of says because that's so
important for the IT team.
So important for ask.
So important for facilities in the
broader sense that you,
Michael and his team would be expected to.
To manage those as as, say,
CIS in the CMDB,
so at least as a you'd you'd be picking
from a current list,
and they'd be audited against and managed
against,
maintaining the accuracy of that data,
right?
Because that's where you want to get to,
right?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
That that's where we want to get to.
And I think that really is the messaging.
It's like that's where we want to be.
And so I think again,
we capture it and surface it to say there
needs to be a conversation had with that
team.
Yeah.
But we just need to be realistic.
I'll catch.
I'll catch that from an IT because that's
How that would be?
priority for IT.
So I'll catch that action. And Alex,
you and I can work out how we engage with
Michael to have that conversation and
test that out, perhaps with Matt,
etcetera.
Yeah. I mean,
there's probably other ways without going
straight to Michael to meet to,
to have those parking. It's one for us.
OK, well, whatever the whatever the route,
the point is whatever the route is,
we're catching.
Another one for the action list for.
So we're just kind of talking about the
prioritisation automation there.
Maybe if we can we try and close it out,
but yeah.
So we said we want to.
I just want to with Leanne with your
suggestion then your.
Are you saying that once the kyrians
subcategory are selected and location
that we would inform them of?
A.
Predicted SLA.
But then you would still get that it
lands all in the same.
In the same priority in a queue.
So how are you going to, you know,
know that that one's high and this one's
low at a pick up the right one?
The obviously the engineers would know
what priority. Yeah. So they could,
If they go do them.
if it's a lower priority at a higher
priority,
if they can manually change it then.
But it's given the the user expectations,
it's not putting pressure on Ashley's
team.
I think he puts in like he's picked.
Lake or flood?
Like you say, yeah,
it could be like a small 1,
nothing big then that again. Then be more.
That would be P1. That's, you know,
somebody's get there quite quickly and
see what's going on before it does any
damage. Well, obviously,
if it's just lightning power,
normally it's just bulbs flicking or
something, isn't it?
Anything major sort of thing, so.
Yeah.
Oh, I see.
To which if say,
it was power and impacted IT,
tech which has which has primacy?
Is it the IT service levels to recover
the power to get that device or whatever
it is back up and running?
Or do is it the facilities?
You know a service.
It depends what what the power outage is.
If it's because we've got a generator in
the building,
so if the power did go down straight away,
the generator would automatically come up.
So we'll be like, you know,
a blip and then straight away generate
will be on and working.
Yeah.
So it depends what it actually is.
You know, if it's something you know.
So let's let's.
The book has gone off outside the
building. It'll be different.
Yeah. What I was thinking.
So if you just power cut the corner.
Yeah,
and understood what I what went through
my mind.
You say you got VIP in an office and
their local printer plug is blown or
something and they are. They speak to IT,
it comes through to IT but then they need
facilities to check out the circuit or
whatever. How does that? How does that?
Operation work.
I wouldn't know.
We're literally London centric,
me and Ashley.
So we don't deal with any other.
So you haven't got any VIPs and execs,
and you haven't got that situation in
London today?
No. So.
I wouldn't know what other offices would
do.
I see how ours is completely different to
what they might should we do in Milan?
They've got completely different set up
to what we have here was obviously so
large compared to the lands got,
you know 50 people in it, so.
Yeah, yeah.
It probably might be driven by how many
people it affects.
I was, I was thinking.
What what I mean,
if it's just one individual then.
Depends what it is I guess, but.
Yeah. So in in IT so, so.
If it's.
A whole or then it would drive.
Sorry Ashley.
To to to so in in the IT world,
they have a matrix that sort of builds
out whether it's avip impacted,
whether it's 10 people, 20 people,
a whole floor whole building for IT stuff.
It just seems there'll be certainly from
my experience of certain power challenges.
You know,
usually it's sort of aligns organisations
align to,
you know the the common set of
prioritisation based upon the IT
requirements or the impacted services
etcetera.
So maybe that's maybe that's something
not for now we just run with what you've
got for now.
So that's again something that if we're
thinking enterprise,
we should be sort of considering well,
how do we join these things up.
So there's a level of fluidity between,
you know,
the recoveries for the customer service
angle,
communications and all the rest of it.
Isn't there a rule or an ethos about
whatever office you go to?
It feels the same.
I think that's in colour and design for
that,
but that's that's about where it ends.
Yeah. Yeah. So,
I bet no.
OK, fine, fine.
because we're all completely different
sizes. So it's just.
No, no, completely.
Are we developing a solution here then
just purely for London?
It sounds like.
It just for this.
Just.
Yeah,
because I don't do any of offices use as
connection.
I think they've got that sort of factor
in any other office apart from London.
What happens when it gets too hot in
Glasgow or too cold?
In the office cooperations.
And depending on the problem,
it's probably the landlord in Glasgow.
It would be operations.
If it doesn't bond as connect whatsoever
and.
That would be in those cases most offices
apart from the big ones that Sydney have.
And that's my message and all that.
You got that? Yeah,
most of them would just be literally
landlords, all service offices.
Unlike here,
where we basically it's our building.
So location in this case is always gonna
be London.
But didn't.
Is it just?
No, you.
The location extrapolate into four and
what not.
The.
But then, didn't we want to do that?
Sorry, but before lunch,
we were saying we wanted to be globalised
because then we can put things like as
Yeah.
assets.
So your compliance and things like that
and I'm guessing.
Your other offices,
whether in the Middle East and things
like that,
they'd have those sorts of requirements,
yeah.
Yeah,
we put that on the parking lot for later.
I think I've got that. No,
we're going to look at that.
But I think what I'm going to sorry go on
Mark,
Predict it.
I think you might say what I was going to
say.
Well, well,
if you as soon as you expose it on the
portal and you and you want to encourage
its use,
Yeah, yeah.
you're going to get people raising those
tickets and expect to be able to raise
the ticket and expect someone to be able
to resolve it for them.
Doesn't matter what geography they are.
So we need to build this. So it's also.
So scalable. You know,
you've got to as you grow offices as you
bring further you know if if you you know
you can't there's a there's a great risk
here that you you focus it right the way
down just on in terms of London operation
because your operation today is sort of
terrible driven and what have you.
What?
What we should be looking at is saying,
well,
if we're opening up to all of the
customers,
why wouldn't we have a common mechanism,
doesn't matter.
The fact that it might go to a landlord
or someone needs to receive that,
triage it and solve that for that
customer if we want them to use the
portal.
What you don't want to do is half raise
it so that they go well.
Don't know whether I can raise it on that
route or not that route and then they
don't want to use it and then they go
well, why did you do that?
I sure see it was rubbish. Yeah,
we've got to be thinking enterprise.
And we've got to think global positioning
and we've got to think about how do we
add that if we want to be customer
centric.
And we want to give them good service and
position it etcetera.
We should be building this for the whole,
yeah,
and only when they select London would
you ask different questions or would you
Yeah, I think.
reduce questions or set an expectation?
Yeah, that's.
Pete.
No, seriously.
So those two ways to that look at that,
mark.
One is we need to forget the so which is
required for London and there's an
element of build and it will come because
some of those conversations are dead,
easy to say as I'm already to operations,
we'll route it to a landlord.
But there's a whole host of other stuff.
Needs to happen it.
Agreed.
To facilitate that and you know to some
of the other points that you know.
Yeah. Yeah. OK.
If.
You go to the Middle East and for example
as an office with three people in it.
So it needs to be.
It does need a bit more investigation but.
So I think the operating model of the way
that it works facilities as well the fine
for London,
but not for the other regions it's.
Not so.
We don't know how that's going to be at.
So I think you know, Mark,
we don't have an issue kind of restricted
to London. That's not a problem.
As we can say,
all of the users who are london-based
would have access.
To this.
Form. So that's that's.
Oh, OK, yeah.
But so you put it right on the global and
having a solution for the rest of the
offices,
it probably means we need to go take it
away. Having a parking lot. Stairs what?
We need to take away that you've already
got.
Happens to those officers as well.
Post day one. Eventually like I know,
ask an IT are going into ServiceNow but
we are role like there is an idea to roll
Yeah, yeah.
this out. So operations will come.
But, but let's.
Not design for the the the fringe cases
and stuff like that.
That's not for the ocean, I think.
You might want to start off with this,
as you said for phase one.
Yeah, we've got it.
You gotta focus on that before you call.
You have something that quantifies.
K1K1K1K1K1K.
You can start to phase, you know,
new locations coming in where there is a.
Central Facilities management quantify
the improvement in service by using it
and then sort of see who's going to be
next and who's.
Going to be next and whatever. Yeah.
And I think that would probably the roll
out plan would be quite easy to sort of
say,
here's your outliers and he's your easy
ones. Yeah, but let's get.
It watertight and good because if it's
not it's you want it to be an easy sale.
So I would probably make it too overly
complicated.
We try to take in all the different
options that all the different parameters
and then.
Actually,
what we're going to do is solve London
right now.
With an unmonitored mailbox and the land.
Yeah, yeah.
So what we can do with the location?
So if you separate Middle East and all
the other offices what we thought would
be beneficial is when you go into
location it gives you requesting just
London at the moment. Yeah,
London office 412345 we can also have
that kind of granularity just in location.
So when you have the ticket open,
you have that for reference.
We can remove it,
but it's just additional information that
can be provided from the submitter.
I don't know.
If that's I.
I don't know.
But putting in like the actual floor maps
because it's like desk 1234 etcetera.
Does that help you or is it floor?
For the financials.
Yeah. You know, for the location.
So it's gonna.
Just gonna be London.
So it's like desk 4321 on the 4th floor.
Does that help?
Does that description help or?
Yeah, location wise for our guys. Yeah,
yeah.
Yeah.
So we can we can do that.
I don't know if we'd have it in a
specific location,
but we can have a open field for a
specific desk or is it just a desk or is
it what level of granularity would be
beneficial, I suppose it.
Yeah,
it could be just toilets like like when,
Depends what the issue is. Yeah, yeah.
I don't know which taller it is.
I would. I would.
I would suggest we don't put forward
plans in service now that already in two
different places.
It means that there's multiple places to
maintain it and whatever else.
So we should just say the floor plans if
you need them are over there.
Over there. Find them. So so we don't.
Do we not want the floor associated with
the issue or?
Yeah,
I think it's fine to capture stuff like
that once we don't need the map of the
floor plan to there.
Granulated itself.
You know,
I think you probably want to give a free
text, but give some clear description.
Tell us the floor.
Tell us the desk or tell us the room.
There's the issue.
Yeah. Issue affected. Yeah.
I didn't mean like put.
An old form up some.
Like a like a pre populate the desks.
And.
The 4th floor, so 4th floor. Sorry.
Third floor and then you've got all the
desk numbers.
It's it's really hard to break it down.
Select.
You do get to tee point, or it's a taller.
Could you put that in?
That's what I'm saying. Could you put in?
But.
Well, this is this comes back to.
This comes back to the conversation about
If we could do.
the assets and the and how you know
because enterprise asset you or the
tracking about you'd have your floors,
you'd have all of those.
As I've said this morning and walk
through, you'd have keys, types,
washrooms,
which floor you might even have your
sleep stations that you have, yeah.
All of those would be recorded assets
such that you would be able to then log
tickets against those, so you'd have,
you know a lot of these areas.
You you often will have the facilities
will have, you know,
like a code or a room location.
So the customer could select those based
upon that asset list and as soon as they
start typing.
It narrows it down and then they select
the one that's pertinent to them.
So you could do that.
But that's a as we talked about this
morning,
that would be something that you would
consider doing phase two,
phase three or something later. Initially,
all you want to do is make it really easy.
I think, Sam, to your point earlier,
make it really easy for someone just say
look.
Washroom by the by the lifts or something
like that on floor 2.
That's that's all you really need.
Cause at the moment they're just giving
you an e-mail or something, aren't they?
Yeah.
Just might keep it simple.
Simple space.
All right.
So we're saying pretext for both the
location and the description.
Yeah, I think so.
The easiest way to do it.
But we're clear restrictions,
clear decisions of what you want from the
the user.
And maybe put like you know, you know,
you see it in italics sometimes,
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
like an example of a description that
people.
Describe in clear detail your location,
etcetera.
The risk you're going to get is someone's
going to write London office one.
Someone else is going to say LWS 3.
For the specific building.
If these guys would.
Know though,
like at least if they've given something
specific that is London,
like we know this form is specifically
for London.
I'm sure for abbreviations for used,
it's not scalable and for other offices
obviously. But for I'm assuming you guys.
But but again,
what you could choose to do again,
there's in your closure,
so it's a bit like again,
how we sort of drive some of the instant
sort of resolution and stuff like that in
your closure.
You could have a controlled list that the
your team would recognise.
I say this is location X, yeah,
controlled.
That you.
Wouldn't expose the customer,
but when they close it from the loose
description they say yeah this instant it
was resolved by this.
It was confirmed as this location and
then you report against that information
rather than the sort of vagueness of what
the customer says because you want to
keep the customer a bit simple,
but you want to keep.
It goes that the guys that know the
ability to resolve with the clarity of
that of that item, does that make sense?
That could be an option.
And I think the simpler the better.
I think.
Yeah.
Yep.
OK.
We can also try let like why don't we try
it and then if it annoys you guys that
people aren't given what you need,
is it something that we put on a backlog
or for continuous improvement I don't
know where.
I'll definitely start a simple phase one.
Just give us a call.
Yeah,
but if it's an absolute priority at the
Just subscription about location.
moment.
Hopefully it was, you know,
see the location. Yeah, well,
exactly where that is. Hopefully.
And then if you see it's causing issues,
then we can do enhancement subgrades
later on as.
Well, perfect.
Yeah. OK.
I mean, to be honest, you.
Can inherit it for yourself. Sorry Alex,
but I think if you just.
In the future,
if you get some really kind of like
simplified list of all the facilities,
assets, rooms, if we can pull that all up.
That was the whole end.
You can integrate the cadence and say I
am sitting here.
By myself, I can't do that.
There is a facility management that
allows you to do that as well.
Cool. Yeah, I'm. I'm clear.
So that all makes sense.
Like.
We'll we'll simplify it.
The only additional thing I'm thinking is
The.
when it comes to routing and priority for
the subcategory,
are we going to need to have multiple
different subcategories of the
subcategories of power outage?
I'm assuming you'd have light blinking in
the kitchen.
That's probably low priority and.
Whole floor is out and then you'd have,
I don't know,
a desk light not working like you have
specific scenarios that would have
different priorities.
Can we get back on some of the jobs we we
normally get?
Yeah, we can do, yeah.
Yeah.
You know, if it was a whole floor out,
they would be informing.
They'd be on the phone screaming at us.
So it's kind of like I think we need to
make sure we're we're aiming it right for
people. So you know,
Yeah.
it's not going to be a power outage.
It's going to be a bulb flicking.
It's going to be a stain on the carpet.
It's it's then it's little things.
It's not the beginning.
The big things will be picking the phone
Yeah.
up and we'll all be talking to each other.
Getting it resolved.
So I think we just need to make sure
we're aiming it right for the.
Yeah. Well, I mean we,
we we do struggle a little bit with with
sort of going back on historic data that
is one of the things that we do struggle
with. But we could look.
A month back, do you see what I mean?
Some of the guys have said, you know,
Yeah.
if it's a if,
it's a problematic phone call unit.
If you could put the asset in or you
could put the, the, the, the,
the end user's name in or something,
you could see how many times that's been
a problem.
And do we have to go deeper into that?
That's a bit that's probably missing that
you've put in your parking lot or
whatever. But yeah, we can get some data.
Can't we?
The two sides.
One side is when pet staff on a report an
issue and there's staff and there's the
second issues when we want to know what's
going on with the plan and.
You know, as you said,
reporting and find out if it's the same
problem over and over again.
So it's going to almost like 2 parts.
Yeah. Yeah, just.
It's really more complex for us,
more simple for the front users.
Today, yeah.
Yeah.
And in regards to what you just said
about historic,
if we're keeping out the big items,
you won't have that historic.
For visibility.
So if for every reason every six months
doesn't flood or every.
The significant power outage,
and I'm not saying there is,
but just for example you won't have that
reference data.
You won't have all the communications and
discussions kept in one centralised
ticket. It will be maintained as is.
Is that something that you want going
forward?
I think if we if we if we could work,
you know and refer back to a problematic,
A problematic asset that that would help.
I mean you can't obviously categorise
every single fault that's happened.
I.
Understand that because you wouldn't have
the job number to refer back to.
It's not going to make any sense, is it?
But.
Suppose if we've got.
A way of searching a problematic asset,
putting that information in,
could it draw that information back?
I don't know if that's paper.
But did you have asset tax on all of your
kind of facility like?
It's. Yeah, it's something.
It's something that that we've that I'm
trying to establish really because I'm
not sure how that geography was built
into chairwell so.
Having spoken to my guys,
we've got some asset lists I don't.
How accurate or upstate they are?
I know that's how that really interacts
with Cherwell,
and how much of that you're going to be
able to extract.
For this.
So, so, so Ashley just on that one,
this comes back to how they close the
task. Well,
you could have it so that they close a
part of the closure.
There's a field where they if they've got
the asset tag because they're standing by
and they can run,
they can add it to a field and then put
the resolution activity or whatever in.
And that in that so instead of having,
you wouldn't necessarily get it from the
customer,
but you'd get it as part of the closure
routine.
And then that would be able to give you
the chance to say,
hang on a minute that asset that asset
tag has cropped up 15 times.
So some of this we could build into the
Yeah.
closure and resolution.
Part of the ticket which you have total
control of and you've got the knowledge
of,
so that would be you know that's where I
was coming back to.
They could select the exact location
based upon where they know the like you
know because they know what those like
they could do the tag. So if it's a.
Hot water tap or something.
There's often that there'll be A tag or a
plug under the unit, or what you know,
so you could ask them to put that in as a
Yeah.
mandatory field to close the record,
and then you can start to interrogate
that to give you some of that visibility
even if you haven't got all the assets in,
you could do that from day one.
OK.
I do think it's worth having like an
asset filled on on the form,
but you can then just start to populate.
Yeah.
As you get.
More and more assets in there and you can
start to capture as well.
It just gives a little more reporting.
Thanks as well, I'm just.
There might be a piece.
Of work for my guys today to go out.
You know, find some of this data.
It just takes some time,
just like tag everything to actually find
Yeah.
it all story classify it, it's.
I think I thought to do that.
Yeah, it might just come from.
My.
Renown manuals,
original operational manuals that were
handed over as part of Fit out.
It's that type of thing really, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a bit of a grey area I think at the
minute, but you?
Yeah.
You might.
Have.
Common themes like usually it's a light
bulb like you said that's flickering or.
Top yeah, somebody spills something. I.
Think we should put it as a parking lot
item?
Yeah, yeah.
Just have some discussion about that and
Mark we probably.
Need.
To kind of tie it back to kind of the IT
asset management.
Piece as well, because we're going to.
Play song.
Yeah, 100 and I took that this. Sorry,
Julian, you weren't in conversation.
Sorry.
I don't recall you being in the meeting
room at earlier, but we've picked out.
I've picked that action up because what
I'd like to do is do a separate.
We agreed that it might not necessarily
be in this push, you know,
for to because it's not in Cherwell today.
Therefore,
you know there's no risk that there's no
greater risk not having it,
but it's something that you know myself,
Alex,
and the team will have will work with
Ashley and we'll start to talk about the
art of the possible,
because part of what we're actually
through my head, Julian, was thinking,
well, you know,
a lot of organisations just role asset.
Into ITSM because there's so much
commonality that you know,
so an incident can be prioritised with
the facilities drop down all of that you
know you can do some segregation,
but that could be a route really fast
route to solve some of these things right
off the bat and also ready them for a
global route that say.
You know, somebody on a local site,
you know, like the desk side,
hands and feet on the ground and the
local site might be able to update a
record with the same, you know,
because they're getting tickets elsewhere.
You get my drift.
OK.
I think this sort of lends itself to what
we were speaking about, like,
for instance, she kitchen equipment.
Is it replacement or repair after a
certain time?
Are we going to keep frying money at
repairs when actually it's going to be
better off to replace if you can?
Yeah.
Get that data you know,
if your caller charge.
Or something an engineer like.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Let's just pop it out.
Replace it. That would have been.
So and actually just and that's where
there's commonality with IT.
So just as you would have a depreciation
depreciating asset that's that's IT.
You'd have the same thing.
So you know you might have certain.
Yes.
So dishwashing equipment or microwave or
all of those in hot taps that after a
period of time go beyond their
serviceable lives or their there might be
their warranty or whatever.
And then you know that you're ready to
swap those out or if you're getting an
Yeah.
increase of tickets to that,
to your point, you know why?
Because you know that it's.
Gone.
You know you've got some correlation.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
And also if you know the cost of it,
you can. If someone said to you, well,
Yeah.
what's the cost of the assets that we've
got in London,
if we had to replace all the all the taps,
you know,
hot taps or whatever you could report on
that because you'd have the purchase cost
and the replacement cost?
Because that's all part of what's the
same as IT kit, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Tweaks in here around so location.
Just to summarise what I've understood,
so make free text for both the location
and issue description.
Category and subcategory will drive the
priority.
So what we need from you is that category,
subcategory and then what priorities we
want to be rooted to and then we'll set
up those workflows.
Add an asset field.
I'm assuming we want that non mandatory.
If you know that asset field you can add
it in.
If you don't then it just remains as an
empty field in it.
Be more on the back end for you guys in
the closure,
Think that would be, yeah.
bit that we're going for the end user
because there was no.
So in the Asian workspace,
when you're managing the ticket,
you'll have a passage. Perfect. Cool.
And then we're saying we're going to
remove safety risk area usable and
impacting critical slash facing clients.
Yeah, I think so. Great as simple as that,
yeah.
Possible going?
To have to string my solution, but it's.
That makes sense. Simple. First, cool.
We'll we'll make those tweaks and then
we'll send that out afterwards with the
additional updates mock up.
And we have to keep the attachments.
I think it's good if someone's got their
phone, got a picture of it,
go look then he's got handy.
Yeah.
Sometimes you don't.
Know what to call it.
You can look on the tube if it's.
Yeah, she was saying it to me, you puddle.
An actual flood or just a small?
No.
They don't want to do it at the moment.
She just told me. I don't know what else.
We first got a kit and my son got called
into school.
They put yourself harm in somebody,
scratches down, you know, like that.
It works with noise rollout.
All right.
Cool in regards to the auto routing,
we made some assumptions and based on our
discussions so far, I think it's in line,
but we're assuming the categories and
subcategories relating to M&
E will auto route anything that's
relating to a non share World Team.
So like cleaning, catering, perception.
We'll then go to ask Connect, ask,
Connect will then triage it and manage it
within ServiceNow,
but then send out emails and comps and
then close it afterwards once it's
completed.
Essentially.
Eyes are gonna be any visibility for the
other teams.
Payments, etc.
I think that's probably been discussed as
Yes.
the latter phase thing,
but when that comes in could take that
OK, so the sex is? Yeah, that's fine.
That's fine.
off.
Because that's what would normally would
happen here.
The visibility piece I think suggested
earlier,
but we said it was too much admin.
We could potentially set up some reports
for things that are outstanding.
So it can be daily report, weekly report,
monthly reports and so we can certainly
and I'll have visibility what's in the
OK, OK.
system,
but they won't have access to the system.
OK.
But we'll we still are saving some some
efforts with the the Director in there
for the M&E stuff.
Yeah. So.
Yeah.
That's.
Exciting I ideally day 2 when they we
have got it on the mobile apps in South
then we'd like to make sure that they can
add cleaners and catering and everyone to
it. I think once we've got past day one.
Once, once we have them in,
we can auto read them.
We'll set them up as assignment groups.
You have the cleaning assignment group.
You'll have a manager of that group,
and then we'll also route the tickets.
And subcategory.
Same thing that's going to you,
but instead we start sending them out to
where they need to go. So not an.
Issue because it seems that's not
currently.
So we're not doing it in phase one,
but I'm saying if we do bring them on,
we can easily set them up as assignment
groups.
But that's a wider discussion in the
future.
That's a licence implication as well,
because there might be significant
numbers that we need to add and so we
just need to take that way and just
understand the cost implications as well.
Exactly.
So just so I'm right here,
when we're when like a request or
etcetera is filling out this form,
we will identify based on category and
sub category. What is M&
E related and that will just go direct to
that area and then anything else just
philtres in to ask as it does that's
Yeah.
present day just now Leanne isn't it?
But.
Maybe just e-mail you directly anyway to
connect.
We're still a step forward.
Yes.
Yeah, that's fine.
Just so I'm clearing my head. Thanks guys.
Yep, I think all clear.
Is everyone relatively happy with the
solution? Once we make those changes?
Cool, I think.
We're good to go for next slide.
So this,
we won't spend too much time on this,
but just briefly,
you'll have an agent workspace dedicated
to your team to be able to manage those
tickets.
And it will be routed to. Like I said,
the corresponding team based on the
categories.
I do have,
I think we have an e-mail integrate
cleaning team wouldn't be there,
wouldn't be there. No, you're right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sorry. I was thinking phase three.
So the only caveat is with the e-mail
integration.
Instead of manually dealing with that,
it will come through.
It'll come through to us,
connect as a ticket every time it's sent
through to that group mailbox.
So you'll be also managing the e-mail
integration tickets as they come in
within ServiceNow instead of Outlook.
So.
Yeah,
it's still a benefit in terms of it's
being managed internally,
but you have the risk of duplicate
tickets and people sending.
Is this?
Do you mean like when the user emails
instead of going on to the photo, right?
So we're still capturing that.
And you can also natively respond from
within ServiceNow.
So as long as the correspondence are in
the same e-mail, e-mail chain,
everything's captured on that ticket.
So if you need reference in the future,
you can just go back to that ticket
instead of finding what's been discussed
on separate e-mail chains.
And some some of this just because it's a
valid point, right,
that sometimes a customer rate if the
customer raised it through the portal,
you know once it's confirmed is submitted
back to them, yeah,
there needs to be some message into them
to say this is your route to communicate
not then send an e-mail because then you
could.
And I don't mean you can't join it up,
so some of this stuff is about, you know,
the organisational messaging that enables
customers to say if you've loaded it
through the portal,
don't then send an e-mail to say, oh,
I've sent you, I've seen it happen.
You know,
I've sent you this via the portal.
Can you look?
And then you've got 2 records running for
the same thing.
It's just about setting that expectation.
Make sense?
Yes.
So that's probably part of the change
piece, isn't it?
And that way there piece around here,
Yeah.
we're educating people to use the portal
as a replacement for e-mail.
And the first instance with as we know,
not everyone will do that,
Yeah, 100%.
but that is the messaging that will go
out.
Yeah.
Visibility and access that's based on
permissioning.
If you provide us with a list of users
and the kind of level of access you want,
or if you want a supervisor view or
managerial view and what they can access,
we can start defining that for you.
In terms of being able to create tickets
as well,
you can do that within the agent
workspace.
Same way you can do submitting on the
front end.
We're just giving that functionality in
case you need to raise it for whatever
reason.
You can also do it from the back end.
Sorry, just to clarify,
if the user goes onto the portal to
report light out, etcetera,
is that going straight to the engineers
and ask connect are not involved Rick.
OK that's good.
We can give us connect visibility,
but again that's that's for you to tell
us if you want us connect having
visibility of engineering task and
engineering to have visibility of these
tasks sitting with asking.
I don't we need divisibility of the user
is going to be able to track their
request anyway they can.
Darren has it that has this ticket and
etcetera. No, I don't think we need.
Yeah,
I think that there is value in the
visibility because if say two people are
sitting under the desk and they haven't
talked to each other,
one of them raises a ticket for the
flashing light through one route.
You then get one for the other route.
You could have a little look on the
system. Just say,
could this be a duplicate and do a check
and then just close it?
Or if it isn't a duplicate then progress
it.
Some of that visibility enables you to
actually manage the record because you
I don't know, like I need to manage that.
It'll be. That'll be.
might you know.
No,
I think visibility with or engineering,
so everyone in engineering having
visibility would make sense.
But if Usconnect isn't picking it up or
actioning it,
it's just an additional admin view for
them which I don't know if that would
really benefit, OK.
So we'll just keep it separate to
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
workstream.
Does that work for you as well? Yeah.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, that's nice and.
Easy. So it's that visibility mark,
just with the engineering team rather
than connect on that specific example you
mentioned.
Yeah, OK. I'm as long as they.
As long as they're comfortable,
they wouldn't get anything via the
connect route that maybe the engineering
team are already working on and therefore,
you'd want to associate that record or
just close that record to say,
go back to that use and say, yeah,
they already know about it.
They're working on it, I suppose.
How would they know?
Would be the question and therefore how
could you manage the customer experience?
Then you just assign it to.
Engineering and engineering would say,
well, we're already dealing with this,
and then you close it off.
OK. Mm-hmm.
It would just be a manual activity.
But but if you OK so it it just means
that depending on if it was me,
Yeah.
I'd want to be closing it as early off as
early as possible so that I didn't stop
the engineer trying to fix the thing to
have to stop and then close that ticket.
Right. So as much as you do a triage.
You'd want to.
You'd want to do that operationally,
right?
So it's just something to think about.
I'm not saying it's right or wrong,
but typically you would have the full
you'd be able to at least look and do a
quick search to say have has this already
been reported? Are they already working?
Yes, they have closed it,
don't even send it to the guys.
Otherwise it's just.
You know admin task pushing down.
Will you do that for every task? Yeah,
because.
That's what. Yeah, that's what. Yeah.
The.
Quite a lot of work.
Wouldn't it be too much work?
I think the ask on.
Yeah.
OK. Well, you'll you'll soon find out.
You'll soon find out as you run,
I can tell you this.
I think it depends.
I think it depends on the knowledge piece
from a connect perspective, right.
Because you know your e-mail may come in
that's more verbatim around what people
are talking about.
They might not necessarily know like an
engineer with that it's the same.
Asset, for example, that's the problem.
So I think either we connect or going to
True.
have an an effort piece because they're
either going to just send it straight to
M&E and they'll make that decision,
or if they're going to need to check the
other outstanding tickets with
engineering and then make a informed
decision that it's the same thing.
The rest would be that they're not
informed enough to make that decision.
OK.
So I think until we get in a better place
from that knowledge perspective,
like you say,
it's maybe something we could streamline
going forward,
but I would probably leave it that way
for the engineer to make a decision in
the first instance.
Fair enough. I mean,
ultimately someone has to close the
record.
So it's just depends where you do it.
Yeah.
Cool.
I think we're all good on the workspace.
Wait, thanks mate. Sorry.
All right.
You PM.
So I think we've discussed the PPM
schedule.
Function and ServiceNow briefly,
but ultimately we just want to give you a
simple list view of the items that are
scheduled and coming up. And as you said,
it's monthly.
So based on a monthly trigger,
we'd have a ticket created assigned to
the engineering team or.
The assignment group and then you can
manually send it off to whoever needs to
pick it up.
The idea is that.
And create a new schedule,
change its existing schedules when you
select each one of these individual lines,
you can go in and identify if it's a
statutory task. So what I said earlier,
if, like I said,
if it's a regulatory statutory,
you can export this the report.
And identify the specific items that you
have to do as a mandatory.
This is just the structure I'd suggested,
so the task the asset we're hoping to
have the assets within here,
so you can directly link to it the
location do we want to have that as an
open text philtre align with the other
one as well or do we want this to be more
of a drop down.
So you're reporting as more structured.
It's it's solely my guys that are gonna
be managing this. Part of it, isn't it?
Yeah.
There's no front front edge user to it,
No.
so.
To be honest,
I'm trying to think what would be best,
We can circulate A darker shacks.
who would have the knowledge so we could
put free texting. Yeah.
Got the asset.
You got the asset there.
Do you want all three first fields to be
open text fields?
Yeah, I think.
Well, yeah, OK.
Associate location that will drive that.
When we get there.
Yeah.
The other idea is if you have more
structured data then you can start having
consistency with your assets and then
that aligns with other parts of the
system.
So it becomes more of an enterprise
system tool.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Whereas if you're doing open text field,
one of you might put code 1 of you might
put the name one of you might put.
Yeah, it keeps it consistent.
Yeah.
Selection there.
But when we said earlier about.
Third party jobs on regular maintenance.
Does that include cleaners and fully
To start, subcontractors M&
E subcontractors.
fully sub contractors?
Yeah, yeah.
So back to the question,
do we want to open text field or do we
want it more consistent and structured
and to have a bigger?
Yeah, I guess, I guess it would be, yeah,
more consistent if we had the drop downs,
OK, more specific.
It'll either be drop downs or as you're
typing it comes up with the verbs
OK.
suggested. Yeah, yeah, but but we'll,
we'll see what works best and we'll give
Yeah.
you a summary of.
The options available? Yes. OK. Yeah. OK.
Do the fields as the structured align
with what you'd expect to be able to edit
the schedules?
Or is there anything obvious you could?
Yeah, no.
The rest of it looks OK actually.
OK, cool.
And then you'd have APPM workspace if you
want to call it that way,
you'd have your frequency location.
What the asset is just in a condensed
view for a quick identification.
Yeah.
If you want to call it up.
Yeah, yeah.
Automatically flag in and violence. Good.
Good point, yeah.
Oh.
I'm not even reading my own slides at
this point, so yeah,
what we've suggested and a couple of the
other areas have also identified that
could be potentially beneficial based on
specific fields like due dates or if it's
a particular asset we can put rules in
place.
So if it's a week due date for this asset.
Flag to.
I don't know your your head office,
your head of engineering or create the
ticket and send the e-mail notification
out or whatever you think is most
pertinent in that situation.
We can do that.
So your risk of missing out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's it's automated.
Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah.
OK, cool.
It would be helpful if you guys could
provide us with a list of these are our
top.
We can't afford them is the and then
based on due dates,
So yeah, yeah, yeah, we could do that,
yeah.
we want to have these rules in place and
against whatever works for you.
If you want notifications we can do that.
If you want just to take it created and
assign we can do that.
Just let us know what kind of works best
for you. We can give you suggestions,
but I think this is ultimately position
for.
You guys to make.
Yeah.
I think that's why I can take away
tomorrow, guys, we'll come.
Back to you on that.
Thank you very much.
Are we gonna be popular in this in the
system?
Are we gonna have to get an extract from?
Yeah. So that's that's that's the feature.
SFG funding. Yeah, I mean,
ideally that's what we work through.
So if we could align to that.
Yeah,
I think we'll have a follow up will be
the the various data extracts we need to
bring this to life, OK.
OK.
Cool. Just double checking.
You haven't missed out any big other
things. No. Yeah,
I think we're good on that one.
If.
OK,
I've tried to put a bit of a mobile view
on the left,
it's just skewed because of my design
work. That's not how it actually looks,
but that is roughly if you type in the
URL for ServiceNow on your mobiles,
it's not native apps for clarity.
This is that's kind of you.
You'll see on the left if you're in the
agent workspace.
If your operations look in your tickets
and you're able to look at your request
there or your incidents and you can
manage it from there and then on the
right is bit of a TQR internal mock ups,
that's not what your ports will look like,
but it's there is a mobile view for it.
Yeah.
So I think it sounds like that's more
going to be pertinent if cleaners
etcetera come in in the future and
they'll be able.
To.
Manage from that over there and also in
the future phase.
We are looking at the native app
potentially as well.
So it'll be an better experience for them.
That probably lines up quite well
actually future phase.
I think I made that video, actually.
Let's see. Let's see.
Let's see what he's doing.
It's just the the outbox version,
so it's not the the prettiest,
but you can see all your stuff going on.
And then on the right is a little video.
Just because I like that design.
All right.
SL.
You're such a geek.
Hey, Joe.
Yeah.
Hey, there's a compliment coping you up.
Of course I accept the same of myself.
SLA's. Yeah, just.
You have to think it's just.
High level what we've pulled together,
there's a lot of gaps and we weren't sure
exact timings,
but it's what we discussed earlier.
If you can provide to us whether we want
to include it as part of the initial or
if we want to keep it separate phase one
and then introduce it slightly later.
Completely up to you guys.
And.
Yeah. I mean, I think.
I say I think people aren't speak to
yourself P2.
I would probably say it would be.
I mean we're we're quite responsive.
We're not focusing on anything else that
we're this site.
So we can be fairly quick on things.
Is that interaction with the end user,
I suppose in managing expectations maybe
AP.
Where we've got to maybe order some parts
or we're waiting on different time scales
or we could be something to do with the
subcontractor. And here's attendance time.
I.
Mean so that that that's where it gets a
little bit.
We can also put in place conditional,
so if you put it on hold and then select
Like a pending option.
specific reason it stops the SLA and then
once you get your equipment over whatever
we can also just put as a placeholder P11
to four hours,
P21 to 24 and then P-31 to 48.
Yeah.
Again, decision for you guys to make,
but we can also just have a just to keep
that reporting visibility P1 has been
successful 90% of the time.
So.
Yeah.
One thing you might want to think about
is if you put it on,
you can have some automatic text.
So if you selected on hold because you're
supplier needs to get some parts,
you could select that option and then a
notification could go out to the request
to say thanks very much.
We're working on this this year and you
can have some scripted text.
So instead of you, your engine.
Yeah.
Engineers having to, yeah,
actually have and type in that
interaction. You could have a pick list.
So I'm putting this on hold because I'm
waiting for a part.
When I click that some a message goes
into the record that the customer can see
that then says a very controlled text
Yeah.
that could be standard for each of those
on hold.
Options and that enables you, as I say,
to manage your customers expectations and
experience without having to do it,
if that makes sense.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's good.
I've seen that work before really
effectively.
I'll be OK.
Yeah, yeah.
And the PBM one then is that there's just
a due date.
It just needs to be done by will.
Not by people. Yeah, I mean, you know,
there's generally some flexibility around
PPMS.
You know,
it could be done within the calendar
month.
We're not going to be held accountable
for it slipping through a day or two,
you know, so that's fine.
And and quite often, you know,
supply of attendance dates can change as
well.
Is that even for statutory items?
Yeah, pretty much,
as long as it doesn't overrun weeks and
weeks, it's it's fairly OK.
We don't manage to file.
We can file on tests and things like that
that that's with the landlords.
So there's nothing that's weaker in sort
of that we have to do at certain time,
9:30 on a Friday or anything like that.
So this looks good.
But I think it's that worth having a
separate PPMSLA then,
because I'm assuming for your reactive
items you have to get on the ASAP,
whereas the PPM it doesn't sound like
you've got that now now.
So is it worth having a slightly
different P1P2 timing?
Yeah, sounds good.
Yeah, Angela.
I'll make a note of that.
Or was it just become PPM is like AP3
because priority is yeah it needs to be
done.
Why don't all the other stuff is done?
That's it.
Yeah. Again with the PPMS, it's.
All.
Front loaded, isn't it? I mean,
everything's going to hopefully be
churning out each month.
So you're going to have that data.
And once it's in there,
I don't think it's going to change too
much, OK.
Just want to be flagged in case somehow
something was missed.
Yeah, yeah,
you need to trigger if if something's
missed and and and perhaps there is
something that needs to be built in here
for that. If a supplier can't attempt to.
Yeah. So,
so actually if it helps some of what I've
seen is it comes back to your
organisational tolerance, right.
But if often what they will do is they do,
you might have a trigger that says Oh no
schedule date plus 10 day,
10 working days and it will just flag you
up a notification say this one hasn't
been scheduled.
Now if you know because they're an
engineer, was sick or something,
you're not worried you can reset it. Yeah,
there's mechanisms where you can
basically just adjust the date
accordingly.
But that means that you don't have a
ticket drifting without you having
visibility of it.
So I'm picking on 10 days because that's
what I've seen done before.
To your point that.
You know,
and sometimes you can have a hard stop
where you say I don't want to get into
the next calendar schedule because that
starts to compress your workload on the
teams.
So you might have an absolute one that
says it mustn't go past this the,
you know, into the next four month suite.
Right. Because as I say,
that impacts your engineering.
Self schedule of work so you can define
some of those rules.
We just need to know what your tolerance
is.
Yeah,
it turns 10 days sounds reasonable to.
Be fair.
I think that I think that would work.
It's typical.
I've seen several and it is typical.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think I think it's more so for probably
for our Sabbath's where we don't have as
much control.
Yeah.
And and you know that's how.
That's how effective we need to be with
managing those responses.
Really we do have one or two suppliers
that don't play ball as well as some of
the other.
So you know that that's something that I
I would take up an account an account
management but if you've got that
tolerance like you say 10 out sounds good.
What?
We would roll this whole process out to
where the supplies get them to know that
you know,
expectations have changed a little bit
now, yeah,
because we are firming things up.
You know, so.
Yeah, cool. So that answers the question.
So PPMSLA 10 days and the rest of them
what we said earlier.
We'll circulate that afterwards as a
summary,
and if you want to change at any point,
just let us know.
Cool. Think we're good on that.
Not be mapped to the types and whatnot.
OK.
So I'll give you guys a minute or two
just to quickly read through the reports,
so I'll I'll highlight the ones I think
are the most beneficial,
but I've just pulled these together based
on your best practise reports that
typically help identify bottlenecks,
optimise your processes.
Depth.
I'll give you a minute or two just to
review.
But that wasn't exactly a minute.
I tried to time it,
but it was just really, really to silence,
so I was not sure if everyone finished
ultimately.
Can you get the gist by report name,
can't you?
Yeah.
Ultimately,
some of them you probably won't be able
to as part of phase one,
but if we do start bringing in external
people, contractors and system, you can,
like the contractor performance for the
most part it will be kind of an internal
report you might add and talk about field
work in progress, self-explanatory,
overdue, upcoming PPM task.
We've tried to give a little bit to
everything the reactive PPM.
And your contractors. So that again,
we'll send this out afterwards,
whatever you think is beneficial,
we can accommodate for as long as it's
within phase one, part couple of them.
We probably won't be able to at this
stage in time if there's additional
reports that you think could be
beneficial. We haven't accounted for,
let us know and we'll also include those
to optimise your processes.
Seem like a step forward.
Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah, definitely.
It does.
Are we good to move on or do you have any
questions about reporting?
Yeah. No, it's good.
Which might.
Maybe to the next slide, please.
I think we've already discussed this
quite in depth at this point,
but this is just what I imagined could
look like in a perfect world,
you have emini go in realise, OK,
this is an IT item.
Let's raise it.
Let's identify ITIT aware are aware that
you're going to cut all the power in the
building and everything's going to go off
and it's centralised in one system.
That's kind of the.
Ideal.
Target operating model you want to get to,
but we're aware there's a lot of change
you're going to have to make and process
kind of efficiencies.
Because it's kind of how you understood
it as well in ideal world.
Well, the,
the the idea would be that you know,
facilities obviously operate as part of
the ITSM anyway, because you didn't for,
say, a power out for a whole building,
you'd raise a change request to that
because you'd want to.
You'd want to schedule it not only in
line with when the the landlord or the
supply might be doing that,
but if for example.
There's a major server roll out on a site
and things like that.
You don't want to have the clash of those.
You know when the guys are trying to roll
out certain componentry to it and then
they can't do it because there's no power
whatever.
So there's aspects of this where we just
need to sort of consider how much do we
do now.
Now or what? You know what do you have?
Because obviously I'm assuming certainly
from what the IT content was that there's
you just talk to each other as an ad hoc
when something pops up,
there's no necessarily formality of
ticket transfer and things like that.
So what we might initially just do is
think is is lift the lid on that and just
ask the questions around what would work.
What's an easy way of resolving it?
Because there is a there's the
opportunity or the potential that
customers might raise something as an IT
issue that need to come across to you
guys.
It wouldn't necessarily come through your
form, it might come through.
Through the IT form,
or they might bring the help desk or
whatever.
So we've just got to think about that
natural transfer and the logic would be
that you're, you know,
you're considered if you like,
another resolver group within the ITSM.
So you'd be, you know,
you'd just be another resolver,
something will come and get classified
and routed to your.
Team,
but you might get it as an instant ticket
instead of a task ticket or case that
comes through the other route.
So we just need to think about
interoperability there. And yeah,
I've I've taken the action actually the
when we when we have the conversations or
broadly about the asset and the locations
and some of those things that's needed
for IT.
We'd have a little conversation about
show you a little bit of what the ITSM
module does and see how because you might
turn around and say, well, actually, yeah,
we want to utilise some of that activity
and the only implication would
potentially be a licence holder because
you'd need a certain role to be able to
receive those tickets and records.
Does that make sense?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So and and I think so the and the the
issue that we have Josh is that if that's
a task,
if it's a task that needs to go to IT,
that task would need to generate an
incident right for them to be able to
pick it up and take it through the
instant cycle with the right SLA
reporting and other bits and pieces.
Hence why I'm suggesting there is one of
those sort of things the idea.
The deal would be that you already put it
in as part of ITS. Yeah,
you already operate it within that module
capability.
Good day. Mark,
are you talking like architecture about
actually using the ITSM module or just
borrowing logic?
Yeah. Yeah, just yeah,
these guys could be another resolver
group with the right role. They would see,
you know,
they would basically just get if there
was an instance came into IT for example,
and IT looked and said actually, you know,
somebody said this isn't working when we
get there, you know, there's a.
Someone's cut through the power cable or
whatever it happens to be that needs
facilities to do something.
They would then just assign that to
Facilities group. The M&
E team would just pick it up, go solve.
And you know there's some. There's some.
There's some logic in.
You know, again,
if we're thinking about enterprise and
we're thinking about simplification,
some customers already have a routine.
We've already got, like AIT,
support route,
you could quite easily have you use the
same route,
have a I'm not trying to solution here,
but I'm just trying to present to you to
the.
The enterprise level you you might have,
you know? Sure.
If something's not working,
we could have an expand that to say is IT
facilities thing and bring it all through
the same room.
It's something to think about.
I'm not saying do it,
but I think that when we look at it as a
further phase.
So I'm looking at it and Alex,
challenge me if you disagree.
I'm saying in principle what you're
operating there when you think about
passing that ticket to IT somehow, Josh,
we've got to get that ticket into the
incident process because it's likely to
be an incident.
It's not likely to be a request.
It will be something reactive.
We just think to think about systemically
how we do that phase first phase.
But then when perhaps we have the
conversation broadly about some and we're
able to show you actually typically what
you have when you're looking at assets
configuration and some of that it might
be that we just retire that route and you
embrace that one phase two phase three.
Or something.
Yeah. No,
I I definitely think there's some value
in, in,
in tying it and facilities together with
certain aspects because you know,
just just recently UPS battery
replacement.
I mean that had a big impact on the IT
guys potentially, but there was.
Yep, Yep.
Ordered as such from their point of view,
apart from just e-mail correspondence.
So you know to have something formalised
within either one of the platforms I
think is is is quite important, yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe Mark even licence wise what you
have for the ITL user additional you'd
save on the tables.
Yeah, I think so. And and and yeah,
and as I say, Josh, I didn't want to.
To look into.
I didn't want to step on any toes in
terms of where you're going,
what you could,
but we ought to think every time we said
we we need to be thinking what's the
what's the enterprise solution.
Right, yeah.
And what's that?
What's also going to be really
sustainable and where's the where's the
sort of harmonised value and some of that
would be just embracing what we know
we've already got?
So Ashley and his team would still have
config items. They'd have your,
their service would be defined in the
CMDB tickets could be logged against that
service, naturally.
When an agent say they helped us do pick
up something, they click that service.
It automatically fires up the group,
their mini group,
and then ultimately they just select that
fire the ticket off,
put a note in and then you've got
management of that visibility of that and
alignment.
And then if facilities need something
being done with it or they.
You need to raise a change request to say
we're going to update all of these
devices because you'd have your UPS's in
the CMDB.
You'd have all maybe your AC handling
units in the CMDB.
If you're doing maintenance on AC.
If you've got tech rooms and tech rooms
Yep.
as I described talked about earlier,
quite critical AC for those.
You'd have those in there,
so again it gives you you the ability to
see when you're scheduling something.
You can look in the change mechanism, say,
oh, hang on a minute,
there's loads of it stuff going on.
Let's delay that for a month.
Or you can say, yeah, it's dead clear.
This is free run.
And then anybody in it scheduling will
see your changes are going in. So we'll.
Avoid that we do have it. You know,
there's a lot of harmonisation that can
be exploited.
Yeah.
If we think of the whole.
It's all sensitive.
Yeah, but I I think to your point, that's.
I think this conversation. Oh, sorry,
Alex.
I don't know.
I was just going to say I think that is
I'm not saying it's this phase.
I'll keep stressing,
very much.
No, absolutely not. I do think.
I do think they think you know the
not necessarily right now.
Let's get off chair well first.
thinking is right and that we need to
define what the road map looks like and
then where that landing point might be.
Because to your point, UPS monitoring,
for example that can be set up to trigger
an alert and all the rest of it.
So there's loads of opportunities in that
Yeah.
journey and it's just picking the right
time to to adopt that and take it forward.
Yeah.
Yeah. So go on, Joe. Yeah, sorry.
What a joke. I don't need to jump in.
I was just going to say this is a whole N
10 conversation, right?
This is what actually drives where these
from a service level like we're looking
at this at process level because that's
existing how it sits at the moment,
Yeah.
but service catalogue and service design
should eventually bring this together
from an N10 perspective and actually.
About where does this journey start?
So if we think about the employee portal
as somebody coming up and saying, oh,
I've got a problem with this or I need to
do this etcetera.
But you're not necessarily going,
this needs to go to facilities or this
needs to go to IT.
They're just asking the request.
Correct, correct.
And it's up to us to understand where the
start of that process is and whether who
Yeah, but the problem is Joe, you've got.
Sorry, the problem you've also got is you,
owns them.
you're going to have several routes in,
right?
Yeah.
You they could come in via an ask group
or they could come in direct to IT.
You know, so all connect, you know.
But the point here is that.
And you're right about the the overall
design from our perspective,
all I'm calling out is that we we said
right at the start,
somehow Josh has got to get that ticket
into the IT team if the if the if these
guys say this needs IT involvement,
we've got to find a way of getting that
into IT.
Right from the off. So what?
I'm just calling out is that we know
Yep.
we've got an instant form for IT.
It could be that Josh's output just
populates the same form that then comes
through that as if a customer would do it.
But we automate it.
So all I'm calling out is we will work
that through,
but I am suggesting and I'm not sure
who's driving.
In your service design,
who's your Smas but you're you, you, you,
you,
they need to be thinking as I would be
thinking in that service architecture to
get you to the outcome because what you
don't want to do is look at it say from
just.
Your route in you've got to look at it
that you you don't know how the customers
are going to behave.
They might raise an IT one they might
raise, you know, come straight to art.
As I said before,
they've got to look at that in the whole
design.
But ultimately this is about operational
stuff.
This is about how Ashley and the IT teams
can flu with level of fluidity.
Manage their infrastructure outside of
the customer.
They're doing something where they're
going to raise a change.
They're going to take power down or it's
going to impact technology that is ring
fenced within that can all be done within
ITSM with no customer visibility, but we,
but the two teams can operate with
visibility. We know what.
Happened. We know why something happened.
We know how to schedule it.
That's a different.
It's a different challenge.
You're with me.
I understand what you're talking about
operationally for now,
I'm just talking about longer term from
an N10 perspective.
That's something that will come down the
line and we'll be able to manage that.
OK.
But yeah,
we need to obviously think about what,
how it happens at the moment and how we
replicate that and service now and make
sure that work passes between the two
teams.
Yeah,
I think it's not a priority for service
design at the moment in terms of
facilities in IT. As far as I'm aware.
But it is something that we will need to
look at and that will come naturally
Yeah.
through that service capital apartment.
Cool. OK.
All aligned on that one.
Where we at? OK,
we're doing quite well time.
So just some some final pieces. Really.
That's that's the bulk of the the
workshop.
This is just what's what's happening next.
So today we were designing,
we will publish some of what we discussed.
It will include actions for ourselves.
We'll also let you guys know when we get
there.
Any extracts that we need of data
categories?
What's next on the whole asset piece and
stuff like that? Parking lot items,
which is a few important ones.
And then we're gonna go next week into
user story drafting.
So this is where Marvin's gonna be
writing how the system will work based on
today's conversation.
And then that'll be for you guys to
review. But I get make sense.
That's what we talked about that works.
And we'll walk you through that.
So we'll take you through it step by step,
and once there,
there'll be various batches of those over
the coming months.
And then once that is done,
we will get into build.
We have we have space there for ad hoc
design sessions.
I don't think we're going to need them.
Here we have it.
I think we're quite clear.
OK, alright, I think.
I think the solution's quite self
expenditure at this point.
We'll just circulate some additional MOP
ups.
Yeah, there's some. Yeah.
So can I mock ups?
But they'll be put piece on the follow up
stuff like the the asset conversation
that we'll have of course and things like
that.
But for design, yeah,
I think I think we're.
Good.
And then coming out a little bit,
so design will conclude that around Feb
and then the the blue highlighted ones
are pretty ones that you guys care about
the.
Most.
So by the end of the start of August,
sorry, we'll want to conclude.
Testing that you guys will be involved in
testing and be able to see the system
we've built,
we're actually actually before that we're
going to do sprints of build.
So we do 2 week sprints.
Maybe for mom.
I'll build at the end of each of those.
You'll be able to see what we've built
and you'll be able to have a look and say
that makes sense or that needs tweaking
so you'll be able to see relatively
quickly what we're building.
So it's an iterative process.
Written down this how it's going to work
and then we build it. Then you review it,
you say yeah or nay and we build the next
bit. Yeah, or.
Nay.
And then we get to an end to end testing
phase where you'll be able to test the
full system that it.
Works.
As it needs to and then we do training
for anyone that needs.
Your teams to to use it,
we'll show them how to do those bits that
we talked about.
And then there we go live next,
next September. That's a hard date.
So that's what we're doing.
And then we're operational.
And then we can think about phase 2IN
different locations.
And.
Different kind of pieces of.
Change. Ruth, are you happy to do you?
Want to do you want to? Yeah.
I think we've come to some conclusions,
which is let's focus on London.
Let's get that right or focus on the
globalisation sanitisation. The phase two,
I think in terms of the form.
It was keep it simple and we can iterate
and make it more.
Detailed as required,
I think there's a third thing with the
reports. I think it's a common theme.
I quite liked this workshop that you only
had these reports and you guys didn't ask
for more,
but it would be good maybe to help
yourselves. Actually,
when you said there's certain themes or
you weren't able to highlight themes and
things, but I think.
I think that would be seen as an added
advantage. Those with the key bits. Yeah,
I think those were the three key themes
that obviously we talked about different
processes and the schedules and stuff,
but you'll see that in the in the impact
report.
I'm good.
For me, Josh,
when are we expecting these stories to
land for review and?
When you've been.
Signed off by.
I don't know if you guys have got any
seasonality in the work you do because
I've got to consider month end for
finance and things.
I don't know if you have.
Peaks and troughs.
More project based. Yeah.
Tenders are going on and stuff really for
me, not really.
We've got a nice diagram of when all the
different stories will land.
I will send an e-mail out when we can.
Yeah, I don't have dancing.
That's a good call out.
It's essentially be in.
Two weeks or three weeks. OK,
something on that.
'S exactly as Josh said.
But we will keep you updated.
OK, that's it.
Any concerns in what we've talked about
as?
Sounds really good, isn't it? Works.
A.
Yeah, that's not good.
Is that?
And as I say, it's not going to be just,
you know, next September.
We're live and it's the first time you
see it. You know, what the Hell's this?
We're going to be doing iterative review
stage. Make sure we don't spend loads of.
Time.
Building something wrong? We'll check.
It's correct.
That's good.
And your development. All right.
Thanks for all your attention.
Thanks everyone on.
The call, that's all.
Thank you. Bye.
Thanks guys. Thank you.
Hello thanks.
Thanks everyone, speak to you later.
Yeah. Perfect.
We I think we have what we need to move
Is.
on, so.
Thank you very much. Good.
Thank you as always.